Lily and Tom like to play with cars. They have many cars of different colors and sizes. Some cars can make noise and move by themselves. They have a motor inside. Lily and Tom call them motor cars.
One day, Lily and Tom find a new motor car in the garage. It is red and shiny and very long. It looks like a fire truck. Lily and Tom want to play with it. They push a button and the motor car starts to make a loud siren sound. They laugh and clap their hands.
"Let's take it outside!" Lily says. "We can pretend to be firefighters!"
"OK!" Tom says. "But we have to be careful. This is not our car. It is dad's car. He will be angry if we break it."
Lily and Tom take the motor car outside. They run after it as it moves on the driveway. They see a small fire in a trash can. Someone has thrown a cigarette there. The fire is making smoke and crackling sounds.
"Look, a fire!" Lily says. "We can use the motor car to put it out!"
"Good idea!" Tom says. "Maybe there is a hose in the motor car. Let's check!"
Lily and Tom open the doors of the motor car. They see many buttons and wires and things they do not understand. They start to touch them and pull them. They hope to find a hose.
But they do not find a hose. They find a big problem. One of the wires sparks and catches fire. The fire spreads to the other wires and the motor. The motor car starts to burn.
"Help, help!" Lily and Tom scream. "The motor car is burning!"
They run away from the motor car. They are scared and sorry. They do not know what to do.
Dad hears their screams. He comes out of the house. He sees the motor car burning. He is shocked and angry. He grabs a fire extinguisher and puts out the fire. He looks at Lily and Tom. They are crying and hiding behind a tree.
"What have you done?" Dad asks. "This was my new motor car. It was a gift from your uncle. It was very expensive and special. How could you be so careless and naughty?"
Lily and Tom do not answer. They are too ashamed and afraid. They know they have made a big mistake. They wish they had not played with the motor car. They wish they had listened to Tom's warning. They wish they could say sorry to dad and uncle. They wish they could make the motor car new again. But they cannot. They can only cry and hope that dad will forgive them.