Tom and Lily were twins who liked to play outside. They had a big ball that they threw to each other. One day, they saw a beautiful sunset in the sky. It had many colors, like red, orange, yellow, and pink. They wanted to keep the sunset forever.
"Let's catch the sunset with our ball!" Tom said.
"How can we do that?" Lily asked.
"Easy! We just throw the ball very high and fast, and it will touch the sunset. Then the ball will have the colors of the sunset, and we can bring it home!" Tom said.
Lily was not sure, but she followed Tom. They ran to a hill and threw the ball as hard as they could. The ball flew up in the air, but it did not touch the sunset. Instead, it hit a big bird that was flying by. The bird was angry and scared. It grabbed the ball with its claws and flew away.
"Hey, that's our ball!" Tom shouted.
"Give it back, please!" Lily cried.
But the bird did not listen. It flew far away, and they could not see it anymore. Tom and Lily were sad and angry. They had lost their ball and their sunset. They ran back home, hoping that their mom could restore their ball and their sunset.
But their mom could not. She told them that they had been foolish and greedy. She said that they could not catch the sunset with their ball, because the sunset was not a thing. It was a light that came from the sun and the clouds. She said that they had hurt the bird and made it fearful. She said that they had to learn to share and respect nature. She said that they had to say sorry to the bird and hope that it would forgive them.
But Tom and Lily did not say sorry. They did not care about the bird or the sunset. They only cared about their ball. They went to bed, still sad and angry. They did not know that the bird had a nest on a tree near their house. They did not know that the bird had a baby bird that was hungry and cold. They did not know that the bird had used their ball to make a warm and colorful bed for its baby. They did not know that the bird and its baby were happy and grateful. They did not know that the next day, the bird would fly over their house and drop their ball on their lawn, as a way of saying thank you and sorry. They did not know that they had missed a chance to make a new friend and see a new sunset. They did not know that they had made a bad choice that would make them unhappy for a long time.