Lily was a big girl who liked to teach her little brother Max how to do things. She taught him how to count, how to draw, and how to ride a bike. Max loved his sister and wanted to learn from her.
One day, Lily decided to teach Max how to make a cake. She said, "Making a cake is easy and fun. You just need some flour, some eggs, some milk, some sugar, and some chocolate. We can mix them all in a big bowl and then put them in the oven. Then we can eat the cake and share it with Mom and Dad."
Max was excited and followed Lily to the kitchen. He helped her find the ingredients and measure them. He watched her crack the eggs and pour the milk. He stirred the batter with a big spoon. He said, "This looks yummy!"
Lily smiled and said, "Yes, it does. But we need one more thing to make it even yummier. We need some salt. Salt makes everything taste better. Trust me, I know. I'm a big girl."
Max trusted his sister and nodded. He let her add a lot of salt to the batter. He didn't know that salt was not good for cakes. He didn't know that Lily was playing a trick on him. He didn't know that Lily was being mean.
Lily put the batter in a pan and put it in the oven. She set the timer and said, "Now we wait. When the timer rings, the cake will be ready. Then we can eat it and share it with Mom and Dad. They will be so proud of us."
Max waited with Lily. He was happy and proud. He thought he had made a good cake with his sister. He thought he had learned something new.
When the timer rang, Lily took the cake out of the oven. It looked brown and smelled sweet. Lily cut a big slice and gave it to Max. She said, "Here you go, little brother. Try the cake. It's delicious."
Max took a big bite and chewed. He felt a strange taste in his mouth. He felt a burning in his throat. He felt a sickness in his stomach. He spit out the cake and cried. He said, "This is not delicious. This is disgusting. This is bad. Why did you do this to me?"
Lily laughed and said, "I did it because it's funny. I did it because you're silly. I did it because I'm a big girl and you're a little boy. You don't know anything. You're easy to fool."
Max was hurt and angry. He ran to Mom and Dad and told them what Lily had done. Mom and Dad were not proud of Lily. They were not happy with her. They were mad at her. They said, "Lily, that was not nice. That was not funny. That was not teaching. That was bullying. You should not play tricks on your brother. You should not make him feel bad. You should not be mean. You should be kind and helpful. You should apologize to Max and make him a real cake. You should learn how to be a good sister."
Lily felt ashamed and sorry. She realized she had been wrong. She realized she had hurt Max. She realized she had not been a good sister. She said, "I'm sorry, Max. I'm sorry, Mom and Dad. I was wrong. I was mean. I was not a good sister. I will make you a real cake. I will be kind and helpful. I will learn how to be a good sister."
Max forgave Lily and hugged her. Mom and Dad forgave Lily and kissed her. Lily made a real cake with Max. She did not add any salt. She added some frosting and sprinkles. The cake was delicious. They ate the cake and shared it with Mom and Dad. They were happy and proud. They had learned something new. They had learned how to be a good family.