Ben and Mia were playing in the park. They saw a big truck with a loud horn. The truck was carrying many fruits and vegetables.
"Look, Ben, apples and bananas!" Mia said. "They are delicious. I want some."
"Me too," Ben said. "But we have to ask mom first. She is over there, on the bench."
They ran to their mom and asked if they could have some fruits. Mom said yes, but they had to be careful and not go too close to the truck.
"OK, mom," Ben and Mia said. They took a basket and followed the truck. They waited for the truck to stop at a red light. Then they quickly picked some apples and bananas from the back of the truck. They put them in the basket and ran back to their mom.
"Look, mom, we have fruits!" Ben and Mia said. They showed their mom the basket.
Mom smiled and hugged them. "You are very clever, Ben and Mia," she said. "But you know, you should not take things that are not yours. The truck driver worked hard to get those fruits. He might be angry if he sees that some are missing."
Ben and Mia felt sorry. They did not know that they did something wrong. They wanted to say sorry to the truck driver.
"Can we give the fruits back, mom?" Ben asked.
"Yes, you can," mom said. "That is very kind of you. Let's go and find the truck driver."
They followed the truck again, until they saw it parked at a store. They saw the truck driver getting out of the truck. He had a big hat and a beard.
"Excuse me, sir," mom said. "We have something to tell you."
The truck driver looked at them. He saw the basket of fruits.
"What is this?" he asked.
Ben and Mia told him what they did. They said they were sorry and they wanted to give the fruits back.
The truck driver was surprised. He did not expect that. He smiled and thanked them.
"That is very honest of you, Ben and Mia," he said. "You know, I have plenty of fruits. You can keep some for yourselves. And here, have some more. These are oranges. They are delicious too."
He gave them some oranges and put them in the basket. He also honked his horn and made them laugh.
"Thank you, sir," Ben and Mia said. They were happy and grateful.
They waved goodbye to the truck driver and went back to their mom. They shared the fruits with her and enjoyed them.
They learned a lesson that day. They learned that it is wrong to take things that are not yours, and that it is good to say sorry and be honest. They also learned that fruits are delicious and that truck drivers are nice.