Anna and Ben were twins who liked to play outside. One day, they saw a big maze made of hay in the farm. They wanted to try it and see who could find the way out first.
"Let's go, Ben!" Anna said. "I bet I can beat you!"
"No way, Anna!" Ben said. "I am faster and smarter than you!"
They ran into the maze and followed the paths. They turned left and right and left and right again. They got lost and confused. They could not see each other or the exit.
"Anna, where are you?" Ben shouted.
"Ben, I don't know!" Anna shouted back.
They kept looking for a way out, but they only found more hay. They started to feel scared and tired. They wished they had stayed together.
Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. It was the farmer with a hose. He was watering the hay to keep it fresh. He did not know that Anna and Ben were inside.
"Uh-oh!" Anna and Ben said.
They tried to hide, but the water was too strong. It sprayed them all over. They got wet and cold. They felt the hay getting soggy and sticky. They were soaked!
"Help! Help!" Anna and Ben cried.
The farmer heard them and stopped the hose. He looked inside the maze and saw them. He was surprised and angry.
"What are you doing here?" he asked. "This is not a place for children. You could have been hurt. And you ruined my hay!"
"We're sorry, sir," Anna and Ben said. "We just wanted to have fun. We didn't mean to cause trouble."
The farmer sighed. He took them out of the maze and gave them towels. He told them to go home and change their clothes. He also told them to never come back to the maze again.
Anna and Ben nodded. They felt ashamed and sorry. They learned their lesson. They realized that they had been foolish and clumsy. They also realized that they should have stuck together and helped each other. They hugged and said sorry to each other.
"Next time, let's play something else," Anna said.
"Something safer and nicer," Ben said.
They walked home, holding hands. They hoped the farmer would forgive them. They also hoped their mom would not be too mad at them. They decided to be more careful and kind from then on.