Ben was a bald boy who liked to play outside. He had no hair on his head, but he had a big smile on his face. He did not care what other kids said about him. He was happy and kind.
One day, he saw a white feather on the ground. He picked it up and wondered where it came from. He looked up and saw a bright light in the sky. He thought it was an angel. He wanted to see the angel, so he started to follow the light.
He ran and ran, but the light was too fast. He did not see where he was going. He crossed the street without looking. A car was coming and honked its horn. Ben was scared and stopped. The car stopped too, just in time.
The driver got out of the car and checked on Ben. He was angry and said, "What are you doing, kid? You could have been hurt! You should not follow things you do not know. You should be careful and listen to your parents."
Ben was sorry and said, "I'm sorry, sir. I saw a feather and a light. I thought it was an angel. I wanted to see the angel."
The driver looked at the feather and the light. He realized that the light was a plane and the feather was from a bird. He felt sorry for Ben and said, "I'm sorry, too, kid. I did not mean to yell at you. There is no angel here, just a plane and a bird. But you know what? You are an angel. You are an angel because you are brave and good. You do not need hair to be beautiful. You have a heart that shines."
Ben smiled and said, "Thank you, sir. You are nice. Can I keep the feather?"
The driver nodded and said, "Sure, kid. You can keep the feather. It is a gift from the bird. But remember, do not follow things you do not know. Follow your heart and your dreams. They will lead you to the real angels."
Ben hugged the driver and said, "Thank you, sir. I will remember. Goodbye."
Ben went back to his home and showed his parents the feather. He told them what happened and what the driver said. His parents were proud of him and hugged him. They said, "We love you, Ben. You are our angel. You make us happy every day."
Ben was happy too. He put the feather in his room and looked at it. He thought of the driver and the bird. He thought of the angels. He closed his eyes and said, "Thank you, angels. Thank you for watching over me."