Anna and Ben were playing with snow in the park. They made a big snowman with a hat, a scarf and a carrot nose. They were very happy and proud of their snowman.
But then the sun came out and it became very warm. The snow started to melt and drip. Anna and Ben saw their snowman getting smaller and smaller. They were very sad and scared.
"Mommy, mommy, our snowman is going away!" they cried and ran to their mother, who was sitting on a bench.
"Don't worry, my loves, it's just the snow melting. It happens when it gets warm. Your snowman is not going away, he is just changing into water. You can still play with the water and make bubbles and splashes," their mother said and hugged them.
"But we want our snowman back! He was our friend! He will be lonely without us!" Anna and Ben said and sniffed.
Suddenly, they heard a loud noise in the sky. It was thunder. They looked up and saw dark clouds and flashes of light. They felt drops of rain on their faces.
"Look, my loves, the rain is coming. The rain is the water that comes from the clouds. The clouds are made of water too, just like your snowman. Maybe your snowman is going to the clouds to make more snow for another day. Maybe he is not lonely, maybe he is having fun with other snowmen in the sky," their mother said and smiled.
Anna and Ben looked at the sky and imagined their snowman flying with the clouds. They felt a little better and smiled too.
"Maybe you are right, mommy. Maybe our snowman is happy in the sky. Maybe we will see him again when it snows. Can we make another snowman then?" they asked.
"Of course, my loves, we can make another snowman then. And we can give him a different hat, a different scarf and a different nose. We can make him as big and as beautiful as we want. And we can play with him and be his friends. But for now, let's go home and have some hot chocolate. It's getting cold and wet," their mother said and took their hands.
Anna and Ben nodded and followed their mother. They said goodbye to their snowman in the sky and thanked him for the fun they had. They hoped he would come back soon. They were not so sad and scared anymore. They were still happy and proud of their snowman.