Lily and Ben were twins who liked to play in the garden. One day, they saw a big pile of wood near the fence. They wanted to build a house with the wood, but they did not ask their mom.
They took some wood and started to stack it on the grass. They used a hammer and nails to make the wood stick together. They were having fun, but they were also very naughty.
"Look, Ben, our house is almost done!" Lily said.
"Yes, Lily, it is very nice. But we need a door and a window," Ben said.
They looked around and saw a big piece of wood leaning on the fence. It had a hole in the middle. It looked like a door with a window.
"Let's use that one, Lily. It is perfect for our house," Ben said.
They ran to the fence and tried to pull the wood. But it was too heavy and too big. They could not move it.
They heard a loud voice behind them. It was their dad. He was angry.
"What are you doing, Lily and Ben? That is not your wood. That is the wood for the new shed. You are not supposed to touch it. You could hurt yourself with the hammer and nails. And you made a mess on the grass. You are very naughty. Go to your room right now!" he said.
Lily and Ben felt scared and sorry. They dropped the hammer and nails and ran to their room. They knew they did something bad. They wished they had asked their mom first.
They sat on their bed and hugged each other. They did not want their dad to be mad at them. They wanted him to love them.
They closed their eyes and folded their hands. They prayed to God.
"Dear God, please forgive us for being naughty. We did not mean to make dad angry. We just wanted to have fun. Please help us to be good and listen to our mom and dad. Please make dad happy and love us again. Thank you, God. Amen," they prayed.
They opened their eyes and saw their mom standing at the door. She had a smile on her face.
"Your dad is not angry anymore. He knows you are sorry. He loves you very much. He wants to talk to you and hug you. Come on, let's go to him," she said.
Lily and Ben jumped off the bed and ran to their mom. They hugged her and said, "We love you, mom. We are sorry for being naughty."
They followed their mom to the garden, where their dad was waiting for them. He hugged them and said, "I love you, Lily and Ben. I am sorry for being loud. I was worried about you. You have to be careful with the wood and the tools. They are not toys. They are for building the new shed. Do you want to help me with that?"
Lily and Ben nodded and said, "Yes, dad. We want to help you. We are sorry for taking your wood. We will ask you next time."
They smiled and kissed their dad. They were happy again. They thanked God for answering their prayer. They learned their lesson. They decided to be good and not naughty.