Ben is a boy who likes to play with his dog, Max. Max is a lab, a big and friendly dog. Ben and Max like to run and jump and fetch in the park. They are happy together.
One day, Ben and Max go to the park with Ben's mom. Ben's mom works in a lab, a place where she does science. She tells Ben and Max to stay near her while she talks to some other people who work in the lab. Ben and Max listen, but they are bored.
They see a ball on the grass. It looks like a fun ball. Ben and Max run to the ball and start to play with it. They do not see that the ball belongs to another boy, who is angry. The boy runs after Ben and Max and yells at them. He tries to take the ball from Max, but Max growls and bites the boy's hand. The boy cries and tells his dad.
Ben's mom hears the noise and runs to Ben and Max. She sees the boy's dad, who is mad. He says that Max is a bad dog and that he should go away. He says that the ball is his son's and that Ben and Max stole it. He says that he will call the animal control to take Max away.
Ben is scared and sad. He loves Max and does not want to lose him. He hugs Max and tells him that he is a good dog. He tells the boy's dad that he is sorry and that he did not know that the ball was not theirs. He says that Max was only trying to protect him and that he did not mean to hurt the boy. He asks the boy's dad to please not call the animal control.
Ben's mom is worried and sorry too. She talks to the boy's dad and tries to calm him down. She says that she works in the lab and that Max is a safe and healthy dog. She says that she can check the boy's hand and make sure that he is okay. She says that she can give the boy a new ball and that Ben and Max can share their toys with him. She says that she hopes that they can be friends and not fight.
The boy's dad listens to Ben's mom and sees that she is nice and smart. He sees that Ben and Max are sorry and scared. He sees that the boy's hand is not very bad and that he is not crying anymore. He thinks that maybe he was too angry and that he should not be mean. He says that he is sorry too and that he will not call the animal control. He says that he will take the boy to the lab and let Ben's mom check his hand. He says that he will accept the new ball and that he will let the boy play with Ben and Max.
Ben and Max are happy and relieved. They thank the boy's dad and say that they are sorry again. They go to the lab with Ben's mom and the boy and his dad. They see that the lab is a cool place with many machines and things. They see that the boy's hand is fine and that he is not mad anymore. They see that the boy likes the new ball and that he wants to play with them. They become friends and play together. They share their toys and have fun.
Ben and Max kiss each other and their mom. They are glad that everything is okay. They are glad that they have a new friend. They are glad that they are safe and loved. They are glad that they are a lab and a boy.