Sam and Tom were brothers who liked to play with their toy cars. They had many cars of different colors and sizes, but their favorite was a big red truck that could make loud noises and reverse. They took turns driving the truck around the living room, pretending to be firemen or builders or explorers.
One day, their mom baked a delicious apple pie for dessert. She put the pie on the table and told the boys, "The pie is ready, but it is very hot. Do not touch it until after dinner, okay?" Sam and Tom nodded and said, "Okay, mom." But they were very curious about the pie. It smelled so good and looked so yummy.
When their mom went to the kitchen to wash the dishes, Sam and Tom sneaked to the table. They wanted to have a little taste of the pie. Sam reached for the pie, but Tom stopped him. "No, Sam, we have to wait. Mom said it is hot. And it is not fair to eat it before dinner." Sam frowned and said, "But I want some now. Just a little bit. Mom will not know." He grabbed the pie and pulled it towards him.
But the pie was too heavy and slippery for Sam. He lost his balance and fell backwards, dragging the pie with him. The pie flew in the air and landed on the floor, upside down. The crust broke and the filling spilled everywhere. Sam and Tom gasped and stared at the mess. They heard their mom coming back from the kitchen.
"Oh no, what have you done?" their mom asked, shocked and angry. She saw the pie on the floor and the boys with guilty faces. She knew they had disobeyed her. She scolded them and made them clean up the mess. She said, "You should have listened to me. The pie was hot and ready, but you were greedy and impatient. Now you have wasted the pie and made a big mess. You will not have any dessert tonight, and you will have to share your red truck for a week."
Sam and Tom felt very sorry and ashamed. They apologized to their mom and helped her clean up. They learned their lesson. They realized that they should respect their mom and follow her rules. They also learned to be grateful for what they have and not to be greedy for what they want. They hugged their mom and thanked her for the pie. They promised to be good boys and to share their red truck. They hoped that their mom would bake another pie someday.