Tom and Lily were playing in the garden. They liked to dig in the dirt and look for bugs. They had a green tray where they put their bugs. They had a lot of bugs: ants, worms, beetles, and a big spider.
"Look at my spider, Lily!" Tom said. "It is so big and hairy. It can make webs and catch flies."
"Yuck, Tom!" Lily said. "I don't like spiders. They are scary and ugly. I like beetles. They are shiny and pretty. They can fly and make noises."
Tom and Lily started to argue. They both wanted their bugs to be the best. They did not want to share their green tray. They pulled and pushed the tray. The tray fell on the ground. The bugs ran away.
"Oh no, Tom! Look what you did!" Lily cried. "You made our bugs go away. Now we have no bugs to play with."
"It's not my fault, Lily!" Tom shouted. "You made our bugs go away. You were mean and greedy."
Tom and Lily were very angry and sad. They did not want to play with each other anymore. They went to their own corners of the garden. They did not have any fun.
Mama came to the garden. She saw Tom and Lily sitting alone. She saw the green tray on the ground. She saw the dirt and the empty holes.
"What happened here, Tom and Lily?" Mama asked. "Why are you not playing together? Where are your bugs?"
Tom and Lily told Mama what happened. They blamed each other for the mess. They said they did not like each other's bugs. They said they did not want to share their green tray.
Mama was very disappointed and angry. She did not like to see Tom and Lily fight. She did not like to see them waste their bugs. She did not like to see them be selfish and rude.
"Tom and Lily, you are very naughty!" Mama said. "You should not fight over your bugs. You should not throw your green tray. You should not hurt your bugs. You should be kind and gentle. You should share and take turns. You should say sorry and hug each other."
Tom and Lily did not listen to Mama. They did not want to say sorry. They did not want to hug each other. They did not want to share and take turns. They did not want to be kind and gentle. They wanted to keep their bugs and their green tray.
Mama was very sad and tired. She did not know what to do with Tom and Lily. She took the green tray and the bugs. She said they could not play with them anymore. She said they had to go to their rooms and think about what they did. She said they had to stay there until they were sorry and nice.
Tom and Lily did not like that. They cried and screamed. They did not want to go to their rooms. They did not want to lose their bugs and their green tray. They did not want to think about what they did. They wanted to play in the garden.
But Mama did not change her mind. She took them to their rooms. She closed the doors. She left them alone. She hoped they would learn their lesson.
Tom and Lily were very unhappy. They missed their bugs and their green tray. They missed playing in the garden. They missed each other. They wished they had not fought. They wished they had been nice. They wished they had said sorry and hugged each other.
But it was too late. They had made a big mistake. They had lost their fun. They had a bad ending.