Tom is a boy who likes to fold paper. He can make many shapes with paper, like birds, boats and hats. He likes to show his paper shapes to his friends and family. He is very good at folding paper.
One day, Tom goes to the library with his mom. He sees a big table with many books and papers on it. He also sees a staff who works at the library. The staff is a lady who has a nice smile and long hair. Tom thinks she is attractive. He wants to make her a paper shape as a gift.
Tom picks a paper from the table and starts to fold it. He does not know that the paper is very important. It is a map that the staff needs to find a book. The staff is looking for the map, but she cannot find it. She is very worried and angry.
Tom finishes folding the paper and makes a paper flower. He is very proud of his flower. He walks to the staff and gives her the flower. He says, "This is for you. You are pretty."
The staff sees the paper flower and recognizes the paper. She sees that Tom has folded the map. She is very shocked and upset. She says, "What have you done? This is not a paper for folding. This is a map for finding. You have ruined the map. You are very naughty."
Tom does not understand why the staff is angry. He thinks he has done something nice. He feels sad and scared. He starts to cry. He says, "I'm sorry. I just wanted to make you happy. I like you."
The staff sees that Tom is crying and feels sorry for him. She realizes that he did not mean to harm the map. He was just trying to be friendly. She says, "It's okay. I'm sorry too. I was too harsh. You are very sweet. Thank you for the flower. It is very beautiful."
The staff hugs Tom and wipes his tears. She gives him a new paper and shows him how to fold another shape. She says, "Do you want to learn how to fold a star? It is very easy and fun. You can make many stars and decorate the library."
Tom nods and smiles. He is happy again. He likes to fold paper and he likes the staff. He says, "Yes, please. I want to learn how to fold a star. You are very nice. You are my friend."