Timmy was a chubby boy who loved jam. He ate jam on toast, jam on crackers, jam on pancakes. He had a big jar of jam in his room that he hid from his mom. He did not like to share his jam with anyone.
One day, Timmy went to the park with his mom and his little sister, Lily. Lily was a thin girl who did not like jam. She liked carrots and apples and cheese. She had a small bag of snacks in her mom's purse. She did not mind to share her snacks with anyone.
At the park, Timmy saw a big dog. The dog was brown and fluffy and had a red bow on its neck. The dog looked friendly and wagged its tail. Timmy wanted to pet the dog, but he was afraid. He hid behind his mom and watched the dog.
Lily saw the dog too. She was not afraid. She ran to the dog and said, "Hello, doggy! You are so cute! Can I pet you?" The dog licked her face and let her pet its fur. Lily giggled and said, "You are so soft and warm! Do you want a snack?" She took out a carrot from her bag and offered it to the dog. The dog sniffed the carrot and ate it. Lily smiled and said, "You like carrots? Me too! Do you want another one?" She gave the dog another carrot and the dog wagged its tail.
Timmy watched Lily and the dog. He felt angry and jealous. He wanted to pet the dog too, but he did not have any snacks to give. He thought of his jam in his room. He wished he had brought some jam with him. He thought the dog would like jam more than carrots. He thought he could make the dog like him more than Lily. He decided to go back to his room and get some jam.
He told his mom, "Mom, I need to go to the bathroom. Can I go back to the room?" His mom said, "Okay, but hurry back. Don't be long." Timmy nodded and ran to the room. He did not go to the bathroom. He went to his closet and took out his jar of jam. He opened it and smelled it. It was sweet and sticky. He licked his lips and said, "This is the best jam ever. The dog will love it. Then the dog will be my friend and not Lily's." He took a spoon and scooped some jam. He put it in his pocket and ran back to the park.
He saw Lily and the dog still playing. He walked up to them and said, "Hi, Lily. Hi, doggy. Can I play with you?" Lily said, "Sure, Timmy. This is a nice doggy. He likes carrots. Do you have any carrots?" Timmy said, "No, I don't have any carrots. But I have something better. I have jam. Do you want some jam, doggy?" He took out the spoon with jam and showed it to the dog. The dog sniffed the jam and barked. He did not like jam. He liked carrots. He thought the jam was yucky and bad. He growled at Timmy and bit his hand. Timmy screamed and dropped the spoon. The jam spilled on the ground and on his clothes. He cried and said, "Ow, ow, ow! The dog bit me! The dog bit me!" His mom heard him and ran to him. She saw the blood and the jam and the dog. She said, "Oh, Timmy, what did you do? Why did you bring jam to the park? Why did you try to feed the dog jam? You know dogs don't like jam. You know jam is for people, not for dogs. You were naughty and foolish. Now you are hurt and messy. Come on, let's go to the nurse and clean you up." She took Timmy by the hand and led him away. Lily followed them and said, "Bye, doggy. Thank you for playing with me. You are a good doggy. I hope you are not in trouble. I hope you find more carrots." The dog barked and wagged its tail. He licked Lily's face and bowed his head. He was sorry for biting Timmy, but he was glad for meeting Lily. He liked Lily. She was a nice girl. She liked carrots. He liked carrots. They were friends.