Tom and Lily were best friends. They liked to play games and sing songs together. One day, they found a big microphone in the park. It was shiny and black and had a long wire.
"Wow, look at this!" Tom said. "Let's try it!"
They took turns to hold the microphone and make funny noises. They laughed and had fun. Then Lily had an idea.
"Let's whisper a secret to each other," she said. "But don't tell anyone else, okay?"
"Okay," Tom said. He leaned close to the microphone and whispered something in Lily's ear. Lily smiled and nodded. Then she whispered something in Tom's ear. Tom frowned and looked sad.
"What did you say?" he asked.
"I said I don't like you anymore," Lily said. "You are mean and boring and I don't want to be your friend."
Tom felt a big hurt in his heart. He dropped the microphone and ran away, crying. Lily laughed and picked up the microphone. She didn't care about Tom. She only wanted to play with the microphone.
But she didn't know that the microphone was not a toy. It was a real microphone that belonged to a man who worked in the park. He used it to talk to the people who came to see the animals and the flowers. He had left it on a bench while he went to get some water.
When he came back, he heard Lily's voice on the loudspeaker. He heard her say that she didn't like Tom and that he was mean and boring. He also heard Tom's cry and saw him run away. He was very angry and sad. He walked up to Lily and took the microphone from her.
"Hey, what are you doing?" Lily said. "Give it back!"
"No, I won't," the man said. "This is not a toy. This is my microphone. And you are a very bad girl. You hurt your friend's feelings with your mean words. You should be ashamed of yourself."
Lily felt scared and sorry. She wanted to say sorry to Tom and to the man, but she couldn't. The man took her by the hand and led her to the park office. He called her parents and told them what she had done. They came and picked her up. They were very angry and sad too. They scolded her and took away her toys. They said she had to be kind and nice to others, or she would have no friends.
Lily cried and cried. She wished she had never found the microphone. She wished she had never whispered that secret. She wished she had been kind to Tom. But it was too late. She had lost her best friend and her fun. She had a very bad day.