Lily liked ice cream very much. She liked to eat it on hot days, or when she was sad, or when she was happy. She liked all kinds of ice cream, but her favorite was chocolate. She liked to lick it from a cone, and feel it melt in her mouth.
One day, Lily went to the park with her mom. She saw a man with a cart, who had many cones and ice cream. She asked her mom if she could have one. Her mom said yes, and gave her some money. Lily ran to the man, and said, "Please, can I have a cone with chocolate ice cream?"
The man looked at Lily, and said, "No, you can't. I don't have any chocolate ice cream. I only have vanilla, and strawberry, and mint. You have to choose one of those, or go away."
Lily felt very sad, and very angry. She liked vanilla, and strawberry, and mint, but she wanted chocolate. She said, "But I want chocolate. Why don't you have chocolate? That's not fair."
The man said, "I don't care what you want. You can't have chocolate, because I don't have it. Stop being rude, and take what I have, or leave me alone."
Lily felt tears in her eyes. She thought the man was very rude, and very mean. She didn't want to take what he had, or leave him alone. She wanted to have chocolate ice cream, and make him sorry. She remembered what her mom had taught her, about being polite, and sharing, and saying sorry. But she also remembered what her dad had taught her, about standing up for herself, and not letting people bully her, and being brave.
She looked at the man, and said, "You are rude, and mean, and I don't like you. You should have chocolate ice cream, and you should share it, and you should say sorry. But you don't, and you won't, and you can't. So I will show you what I can do."
She took the money from her mom, and threw it at the man. Then she grabbed a cone, and scooped some vanilla ice cream, and some strawberry ice cream, and some mint ice cream. She made a big mess, and a big pile. Then she smashed the cone on the man's head, and ran away.
She ran to her mom, who was watching with a shocked face. She said, "Mom, I'm sorry, I was bad. But the man was rude, and mean, and he didn't have chocolate ice cream. I wanted to teach him a lesson."
Her mom hugged her, and said, "Lily, I love you, but you can't do that. You can't throw money, or grab cones, or smash ice cream. That's not polite, or nice, or brave. That's rude, and mean, and silly. You have to say sorry to the man, and to me, and to yourself. And you have to learn to accept what you have, and not what you want. Maybe next time, you will find chocolate ice cream, and you will be happy. But today, you have to be sorry, and sad, and sorry."
Lily nodded, and said, "I'm sorry, mom. I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry, me. I was rude, and mean, and silly. I will learn to accept what I have, and not what I want. But I still like chocolate ice cream, and I hope I will find it soon."
Her mom smiled, and said, "I still love you, Lily. And I still like chocolate ice cream, too. And I hope we will find it soon, too. But for now, let's go home, and have some water, and some cookies, and some hugs. And maybe, we will remember this day, and laugh, and not cry."
Lily smiled, and said, "OK, mom. Let's go home, and have some water, and some cookies, and some hugs. And maybe, we will remember this day, and laugh, and not cry. And maybe, we will find chocolate ice cream, and be happy, and not sad."
The end.