Tim and Lily were twins who liked to explore new places. One day, they went with their mom to a big building where she had to work. Mom said they could play in the lobby while she talked to some people.
The lobby had many chairs, plants, and paintings, but Tim and Lily were more interested in the elevator. It was a big metal box with a door and buttons. They wanted to see what was inside and where it could take them.
"Let's go in the elevator!" Tim said.
"OK, but we have to be careful," Lily said.
They waited until no one was looking and ran to the elevator. They pushed the door button and the door opened. They stepped inside and saw many more buttons with numbers and arrows.
"Wow, look at all these buttons!" Tim said. "Which one should we push?"
"I don't know. Maybe this one?" Lily said, pointing to a button with a big number 10.
"OK, let's try it!" Tim said, and pushed the button.
The door closed and the elevator started to move. Tim and Lily felt their tummies tickle as the elevator went up and up and up. They looked at each other and giggled.
They reached the tenth floor and the door opened. They saw a long hallway with many doors and windows. They wanted to see what was behind them, but they heard a voice.
"Hey, who are you?" the voice said.
They turned around and saw a man in a suit and a tie. He looked angry and surprised. He was holding a folder and a pen.
"We are Tim and Lily," Tim said.
"What are you doing here? This is a private office. You can't just come here without permission," the man said.
"We are sorry. We just wanted to see the elevator," Lily said.
"The elevator? That's not a toy. That's a machine. It can be dangerous if you don't know how to use it," the man said.
He walked to the elevator and pushed the door button. He looked at Tim and Lily and said, "You should go back to the lobby. Where is your mom?"
"She is working. She said we could play in the lobby," Tim said.
"Well, you should listen to your mom. She knows what's best for you. And you should be humble and not touch things that are not yours," the man said.
He pointed to the button with a big number 1 and said, "This is the button you need to push to go back to the lobby. I recommend you do that right now."
Tim and Lily nodded and pushed the button. The door closed and the elevator started to move. They felt their tummies tickle again as the elevator went down and down and down.
They reached the lobby and the door opened. They saw their mom waiting for them. She looked worried and happy.
"Tim, Lily, where have you been? I was looking for you," she said.
"We went to the elevator," Tim said.
"We saw the tenth floor," Lily said.
"You did what? That's very naughty. You could have gotten lost or hurt. You should never go to the elevator without me," mom said.
She hugged them and said, "I'm glad you're safe. But you have to promise me you won't do that again. OK?"
"OK, mom. We promise," Tim and Lily said.
They learned their lesson and never went to the elevator again. They played with their toys and books in the lobby and waited for mom to finish her work. They were humble and happy.