Lily and Ben were twins who liked to play in their room. They had many toys, but their favorite was a big puzzle with many pieces. The puzzle had a pattern of animals and colors that they had to match.
One day, they wanted to finish the puzzle, but they could not find the last piece. They looked under the bed, in the closet, and in the drawers, but they could not see it. They started to feel sad and angry.
"Where is it?" Lily asked.
"I don't know. Maybe you lost it," Ben said.
"No, you lost it. You are always messy," Lily said.
They began to argue and push each other. They did not notice that their baby brother, Max, had crawled into their room. He saw the puzzle and smiled. He liked the shiny piece that was on the floor. He grabbed it and put it in his mouth.
Lily and Ben stopped fighting when they heard Max giggle. They turned around and saw him with the puzzle piece. They gasped and ran to him.
"Max, no! That's ours!" Lily said.
"Give it back! It's not food!" Ben said.
They tried to take the piece from Max, but he was tough. He held on to it and shook his head. He did not want to let go. He thought it was a game.
Lily and Ben did not think it was funny. They were worried that Max would choke on the piece. They knew they had to be gentle, but firm. They decided to work together and distract Max.
"Look, Max, look!" Lily said. She pointed to a stuffed lion that was on the shelf. "It's a lion. It roars. Can you roar?"
Max looked at the lion and opened his mouth. He made a sound like a lion. He forgot about the puzzle piece.
Ben saw his chance. He quickly took the piece from Max's mouth and put it on the puzzle. He smiled and said, "We did it! We finished the puzzle!"
Lily and Ben hugged each other and cheered. They looked at the puzzle and admired the pattern. They felt happy and proud.
They also looked at Max and felt sorry. They realized that he was just curious and wanted to play. They decided to share their toys with him and teach him how to do the puzzle.
"Max, we're sorry. Do you want to play with us?" Lily asked.
"Yes, please. I like puzzle," Max said.
They gave him a piece and showed him where to put it. He smiled and clapped his hands. He liked the puzzle too.
They played together and had fun. They learned to be nice and helpful. They were a good team.