Sara and Tom are twins. They like to play with their toys and their dog, Spot. But they have to take a pill every day to be healthy. Mom gives them the pill in the morning and tells them to swallow it with water.
One day, Sara and Tom are very excited. They are going to the park with Mom and Spot. They put on their hats and shoes and get ready to go. Mom says, "Did you take your pill today?" Sara and Tom look at each other. They forget to take their pill. They say, "No, Mom, we forget."
Mom is not happy. She says, "You have to take your pill every day. It is very important. Go back to the kitchen and take your pill now." Sara and Tom are sad. They do not want to go back. They want to go to the park. They say, "Please, Mom, can we take our pill later?"
Mom shakes her head. She says, "No, you have to take your pill now. If you don't, you will feel sick later. And you won't have fun at the park. Trust me, I know." Sara and Tom do not understand. They think Mom is being mean. They say, "But we feel fine now. We want to go to the park now."
Mom sighs. She says, "I know you feel fine now. But you won't feel fine later. You see, your pill helps your body fight germs. Germs are bad things that make you sick. Sometimes, you can't see them or feel them. But they are there. And they can hurt you. That's why you have to take your pill every day. It makes you strong and ready to play."
Sara and Tom listen to Mom. They think about germs. They do not like germs. They do not want to be sick. They say, "OK, Mom, we will take our pill now. We are sorry we forget." Mom smiles. She says, "That's good. I'm proud of you. Now, hurry up and take your pill. Then we can go to the park and have fun." Sara and Tom nod. They go back to the kitchen and take their pill. Then they run to the door and say, "We are ready, Mom. Let's go to the park!" Mom takes their hands and says, "Let's go." They go to the park with Spot and have a great time. They do not feel sick. They are happy. They remember to take their pill every day.