Tom and Lily were playing with their toy cars in the living room. They liked to zoom them around the carpet and make loud noises. Sometimes they crashed their cars and pretended they were broken.
"Zoom, zoom, zoom!" Tom said as he moved his red car fast. "My car is the best!"
"No, mine is!" Lily said as she moved her blue car faster. "My car can zoom more!"
They zoomed their cars closer and closer until they bumped into each other. Tom's car flew off the carpet and landed on the sofa. Lily's car flipped over and stopped.
"Hey, you made my car fall!" Tom said. He was angry. He grabbed Lily's car and threw it on the floor.
"Hey, you broke my car!" Lily said. She was angry too. She ran to the sofa and took Tom's car. She hid it behind her back.
"Give me back my car!" Tom said. He tried to reach for Lily's car, but she moved away.
"No, you give me back my car!" Lily said. She held Tom's car tightly.
They started to yell and push each other. They did not see their mom coming into the living room. She saw them fighting and was not happy.
"What are you doing?" she asked. She sounded angry. "Why are you being so mean to each other?"
Tom and Lily stopped and looked at their mom. They felt ashamed. They knew they had done something bad.
"We were playing with our cars, but then we crashed and got angry," Tom said.
"We wanted to have the best car, but then we hurt each other's cars," Lily said.
Mom shook her head. She picked up their cars and gave them back to them.
"Playing with cars can be fun, but not when you are selfish and rude," she said. "You should share and be nice to each other. That's what good friends do."
She pointed to the kitchen table. There was a big plate of cheese and crackers.
"I made some snacks for you, but you can only have them if you say sorry and hug each other," she said.
Tom and Lily looked at the cheese and crackers. They looked at each other. They felt sorry for what they had done.
"I'm sorry, Lily," Tom said. "I should not have thrown your car."
"I'm sorry, Tom," Lily said. "I should not have taken your car."
They hugged each other and smiled. They were friends again.
Mom smiled too. She was happy. She took them to the kitchen and gave them some cheese and crackers.
They ate and talked and laughed. They learned their lesson. They decided to play with their cars again, but this time they would zoom them together and have more fun.