Anna and Ben were playing in the garden. They liked to pretend they were chefs and prepare food for their dolls and teddies. They used leaves, flowers, rocks and sticks as ingredients. They had a small fire pit where they cooked their dishes.
"Look, Ben, I made a cake with petals and mud," Anna said, holding a round lump of dirt. "Do you want to try some?"
"No, thank you, Anna. I made a soup with water and grass. It smells good," Ben said, stirring a pot over the fire. "Do you want to try some?"
Anna nodded and put her cake down. She went to Ben and took a sip of his soup. She made a face and spat it out. "Yuck, Ben, this is not soup. This is yucky water," she said.
Ben laughed and said, "It's not yucky, Anna. It's yummy. You just don't like it because you're a picky eater."
Anna was angry and said, "I'm not a picky eater, Ben. You're a bad cook. Your soup is gross and your fire is too big. You're going to burn everything."
Ben was angry too and said, "I'm not a bad cook, Anna. You're a mean sister. My soup is delicious and my fire is just right. You're going to ruin everything."
They started to argue and shout at each other. They did not notice that the fire was growing bigger and bigger. They did not notice that the wind was blowing the smoke towards the house. They did not notice that their mom was inside, taking a nap.
The smoke reached the house and set off the alarm. The alarm was loud and scary. It woke up mom and made her jump out of bed. She smelled the smoke and ran to the window. She saw the fire in the garden and her children arguing near it. She felt helpless and scared. She grabbed her phone and called for help. She yelled at Anna and Ben to get away from the fire and come inside.
Anna and Ben heard their mom and saw the smoke. They realized they had made a big mistake. They felt sorry and scared. They dropped their pots and ran to their mom. They hugged her and said they were sorry. They waited for the firemen to come and put out the fire. They learned a lesson that day. They learned to be careful with fire and to be nice to each other.