Lily was playing with her dolls in her room. She liked to make them talk and dress them up. She had a lot of dolls, but her favorite was Anna. Anna had long hair and a pretty dress. Lily loved Anna very much.
But Lily was also very tired. She had been playing all morning and she did not eat her snack. Her eyes felt heavy and her mouth felt dry. She wanted to nap, but she did not want to leave Anna alone. She thought Anna might be lonely or scared without her.
She decided to take Anna with her to her bed. She picked up Anna and hugged her tight. She walked to her bed and climbed on it. She pulled the blanket over them and cuddled with Anna. She whispered to Anna, "Don't worry, I will be with you. We will nap together and have sweet dreams."
But as she was falling asleep, she felt something sharp poke her arm. She opened her eyes and saw a needle sticking out of Anna's dress. She had forgotten that she had tried to sew a button on Anna's dress yesterday, but she did not finish. She had left the needle in Anna's dress and now it had hurt her.
She cried out loud and dropped Anna on the floor. She looked at her arm and saw a little drop of blood. She was scared and sad. She wanted her mommy to come and make it better.
She heard her mommy's voice from downstairs. "Lily, what's wrong? Are you okay?" Her mommy ran up the stairs and came into her room. She saw Lily on the bed, crying and holding her arm. She saw Anna on the floor, with a needle in her dress.
She quickly went to Lily and hugged her. She said, "Oh, Lily, I'm so sorry. You have a boo-boo. Let me see. It's not too bad. I will clean it and put a band-aid on it. It will heal soon. You are very brave."
She took Lily to the bathroom and washed her arm. She put a band-aid on it and kissed it. She said, "There, all done. How do you feel?"
Lily sniffled and said, "I feel better, mommy. Thank you. But I'm sorry for Anna. I hurt her with the needle. I didn't mean to. I love her."
Her mommy smiled and said, "I know, Lily. You love Anna very much. And Anna loves you too. She knows you didn't mean to hurt her. She's not mad at you. She just wants to nap with you and have sweet dreams."
She picked up Anna from the floor and took out the needle from her dress. She said, "Look, Anna is fine. She's not hurt. She's just sleepy. Why don't you take her to your bed and nap with her? I will join you in a minute. I love you, Lily."
Lily smiled and said, "I love you too, mommy. And I love Anna. Come on, Anna. Let's nap together and have sweet dreams."
She took Anna to her bed and climbed on it. She pulled the blanket over them and cuddled with Anna. She whispered to Anna, "I'm sorry, Anna. I love you. Let's nap together and have sweet dreams."
She closed her eyes and fell asleep. Her mommy came to her bed and lay down next to her. She wrapped her arms around Lily and Anna and kissed them both. She said, "Good night, my sweet girls. Nap well and have sweet dreams."
They all napped together and had sweet dreams.