Tim and Lily were playing in the park. They liked to run and jump and slide. They saw a big hill with flowers and grass. They wanted to go up the hill and see what was on the other side.
They ran up the hill, holding hands. They felt the wind in their hair and the sun on their faces. They laughed and shouted. They were happy.
But when they got to the top of the hill, they saw a big fence. The fence was tall and sharp and had a sign that said "Keep Out". They could not see what was on the other side of the fence. They felt sad and angry.
"Why can't we go there?" Tim asked.
"I don't know. Maybe there is something bad there. Maybe there is a monster or a snake or a mean dog." Lily said.
They looked at the fence and wondered. They wanted to know what was on the other side. They wanted to have more fun.
Tim had an idea. He saw a hole in the fence. The hole was small and low, but he thought he could fit through it. He let go of Lily's hand and ran to the hole.
"Tim, wait! Don't go there! It's dangerous!" Lily cried.
But Tim did not listen. He bent down and crawled through the hole. He felt the fence scratch his arms and legs. He felt a sting and a drop of blood. He did not care. He wanted to see what was on the other side.
He got through the hole and stood up. He looked around. He saw a big field with trees and rocks and a pond. He saw a band playing music. The band had drums and guitars and horns. The music was loud and fast and fun. He saw people dancing and clapping and smiling. He saw balloons and flags and candy. He thought it was a party. He thought it was the best thing ever.
He ran to the band and the people and the party. He forgot about Lily and the fence and the hole. He forgot about everything else.
Lily saw Tim go through the hole and disappear. She felt scared and lonely. She wanted Tim to come back. She wanted to play with him. She wanted to go home.
She ran to the hole and tried to follow him. But the hole was too small and too low for her. She could not fit through it. She tried to push and pull and wiggle. She could not move. She felt the fence hurt her arms and legs. She felt a sting and a drop of blood. She cried.
She cried for Tim and for help and for mommy and daddy. She cried loud and hard and long.
A man heard her cry. He was walking his dog near the park. He saw Lily stuck in the hole and crying. He felt sorry for her. He ran to her and knelt down. He was gentle and kind. He spoke to her softly and calmly.
"Hello, little girl. What's your name? Why are you crying? Are you hurt?" he asked.
Lily looked at him. He had a friendly face and a nice voice. He had a big dog that licked her face. She felt a little better. She told him her name and what happened.
"I'm Lily. I was playing with Tim. He went through the hole and did not come back. I want to go with him. I want to go home. I'm hurt and scared." she said.
The man nodded and smiled. He took out his phone and called the police. He told them where he was and what he saw. He asked them to come and help. He took out a band-aid and put it on Lily's wound. He gave her a hug and a candy. He told her it was going to be okay.
"Don't worry, Lily. I'm here with you. The police will come soon and get you out. They will find Tim and take you both home. You are brave and smart and good. Everything will be fine." he said.
Lily felt a little better. She hugged him and his dog. She thanked him and waited for the police. She hoped Tim was okay. She hoped they would be together again. She hoped they would never go through the hole again.