Ben and Lily liked to play pirates. They had a big box that was their ship. They had hats and swords and a map. The map showed them where to find treasure. They wanted to find the treasure and share it with their friends.
One day, they sailed their ship to a new island. They followed the map to a big cave. They saw a shiny chest inside the cave. They ran to the chest and opened it. They found gold and jewels and toys. They were very happy.
But then, they heard a loud roar. A big dragon came out of the cave. It was angry and hungry. It wanted to eat Ben and Lily and their treasure. Ben and Lily were very scared. They grabbed some treasure and ran back to their ship. But the dragon followed them. It breathed fire and smoke. It burned their ship and their map. Ben and Lily were trapped. Their ship and their map were broken.
They cried for help. They hoped someone would hear them. They hugged each other and prayed.
Then, they saw a bright light. It was their friend Sam. He had a flashlight and a water gun. He had seen their ship and their map on fire. He came to rescue them. He shone his flashlight at the dragon. The dragon was afraid of the light. It covered its eyes and roared. Sam sprayed his water gun at the dragon. The water made the fire go out. The dragon was wet and cold. It ran away and hid in the cave.
Sam helped Ben and Lily get out of their ship. He gave them a hug and a smile. He said he was glad they were okay. He said he was sorry their ship and their map were broken. He said he had a new map and a new ship. He said they could use them to find more treasure. He said they could share it with him and their other friends.
Ben and Lily thanked Sam. They said he was a brave and kind pirate. They said he was their hero. They said they were sorry they lost some treasure. They said they still had some treasure to share. They said they had the best treasure of all. They said they had each other and their friends.
They followed Sam to his new ship. They sailed away to a new adventure. They were happy and safe. They were pirates.