Lily and Tom were going on a trip with their mom and dad. They were very happy and excited. They packed their luggage with their toys, books and clothes. They said goodbye to their grandma and got in the car.
On the way to the airport, they saw a big truck. The truck was very loud and fast. It was rude. It did not wait for the red light. It cut in front of their car and made their dad stop. Their dad was angry and honked his horn. The truck driver shouted something mean.
Lily and Tom were scared and sad. They did not like the truck. They asked their mom why the truck was so rude. Their mom said, "Some people are rude because they are in a hurry or they are unhappy. But that is not a good reason to be rude. Being rude can hurt other people's feelings and cause trouble. We should always be polite and kind, even when we are in a hurry or unhappy."
Lily and Tom nodded. They understood. They said, "We will be polite and kind, mom. We do not want to be rude like the truck." Their mom smiled and hugged them. She said, "That's good, my loves. You are very smart and sweet. I am proud of you."
They arrived at the airport and checked in their luggage. They saw the truck driver again. He was carrying a big suitcase. He looked tired and grumpy. He bumped into a lady and made her drop her bag. He did not say sorry. He just walked away.
Lily and Tom felt sorry for the lady. They went to help her. They picked up her bag and gave it to her. They said, "Are you okay, miss? We are sorry that the truck driver was rude to you. He was rude to us too. He is not nice." The lady smiled and thanked them. She said, "You are very kind and helpful, children. Thank you for your words and your actions. You made my day better. I hope you have a wonderful trip."
Lily and Tom smiled back. They felt happy and proud. They learned that being polite and kind can make a difference. They also learned that being rude can make people unhappy and angry. They decided to always be polite and kind, no matter what. They hoped that the truck driver would learn that too, someday. They became good travelers and good friends.