Tim and Sam were playing in the park with their toy cars. They liked to make noises and pretend they were driving fast. They saw a big red truck with a loud siren and a long hose. It was a fireman truck.
"Wow, look at that!" Tim said. "I want to be a fireman when I grow up. They are brave and help people."
"Me too," Sam said. "But what do they do with the hose?"
They ran after the truck, hoping to see where it was going. They followed it to a house that had smoke coming out of the windows. They saw some firemen wearing helmets and coats. They were spraying water on the fire.
"Excuse me, sir," Tim said to one of the firemen. "Can I ask you a question?"
The fireman smiled and knelt down to Tim's level. "Sure, little buddy. What do you want to know?"
Tim pointed at the hose. "How does the water come out of the hose? Where does it come from?"
The fireman explained that the water came from a big tank in the truck. He showed Tim how he could turn a valve to make the water go faster or slower. He let Tim touch the hose and feel the water.
"Wow, that's cool!" Tim said. "Thank you for telling me."
"You're welcome," the fireman said. "But you should stay away from the fire. It's very hot and dangerous. Do you know where your parents are?"
Tim and Sam looked at each other. They had run so far that they had lost sight of their mom and dad. They felt scared and sad. They did not know how to go back to the park.
The fireman saw their faces and understood. He said, "Don't worry, I'll help you find them. Come with me to the truck. We'll use the radio to call them."
He took them by the hand and led them to the truck. He asked them their names and where they lived. He spoke into the radio and gave the information. He told them to wait in the truck and gave them some cookies and juice.
Soon, they heard their mom and dad's voices on the radio. They were looking for them and were very worried. The fireman told them where they were and that they were safe. He said they would be there soon.
Tim and Sam felt happy and relieved. They thanked the fireman for being so kind and helpful. They hugged their mom and dad when they arrived. They said they were sorry for running away and that they learned a lot from the fireman.
Their mom and dad were glad that they were okay and that they met a nice fireman. They said they were proud of them for being curious and brave, but that they should always stay close to them and not talk to unknown people. They said they loved them very much and took them home.