Lily and Ben were friends who liked to play with blocks. They made towers and houses and cars with the blocks. But sometimes, Lily was jealous of Ben. She wanted to have more blocks than him, or make bigger towers than him, or have the prettiest colors. She did not like to share or say nice things.
One day, they found a big box of new blocks in the playroom. They were very happy and excited. They started to make a big castle with the new blocks. They used all the shapes and sizes and colors. They worked together and had fun. But then, Lily saw that Ben had a shiny gold block. She wanted it for herself. She thought it was the best block ever.
She waited until Ben was not looking. Then, she sneaked up to him and pushed him. Ben fell down and dropped the shiny gold block. Lily grabbed it and ran away. She laughed and said, "Ha ha, now I have the best block!"
But Ben was not the only one who saw what Lily did. The teacher saw it too. She was very angry and sad. She said, "Lily, that was very mean and rude. You hurt Ben and took his block. You need to say sorry and give it back. And you need to go to the time-out corner for a while."
Lily did not want to say sorry or give back the block. She did not want to go to the time-out corner. She wanted to keep the shiny gold block and play with it. She ran away from the teacher and hid behind a big pile of blocks. She thought she was very clever and smart.
But she did not know that the pile of blocks was not stable. It was too high and too wobbly. It was a trap. As soon as Lily touched it, it started to fall down. Lily was scared and screamed. She tried to run away, but it was too late. The blocks fell on her and buried her. She was stuck and hurt. She cried and cried.
The teacher and Ben heard Lily's cries. They ran to help her. They moved the blocks and freed her. They checked if she was okay. They gave her a hug and a band-aid. They were kind and gentle.
Lily felt very sorry and ashamed. She realized that she had been very bad and selfish. She said sorry to Ben and gave him back the shiny gold block. She said sorry to the teacher and went to the time-out corner. She learned her lesson. She decided to be a better friend and share and say nice things. She did not want to be jealous or pushy anymore. She wanted to be happy and make others happy too.