Anna and Ben were going to the airport with Mom and Dad. They were very excited to fly in a big plane and see their grandma. They packed their bags and toys and got in the car.
At the airport, they had to wait in a long line. Anna and Ben were bored and hungry. They saw a shop that had candy and cookies. They asked Mom and Dad if they could have some.
"Please, please, can we have some candy?" Anna said.
"No, sweetie, we have to eat something healthy first. We will have lunch soon," Mom said.
"But I want to taste the candy. It looks so yummy," Ben said.
"No, honey, candy is not good for you. It will make your teeth hurt and your tummy ache," Dad said.
Anna and Ben were not happy. They made a sad face and crossed their arms. They did not want to eat something healthy. They wanted to eat something sweet.
Mom and Dad saw their sad face and felt sorry for them. They decided to buy them a small candy each, but only if they promised to eat their lunch and brush their teeth later.
"Okay, okay, we promise," Anna and Ben said.
They took the candy and unwrapped it. They put it in their mouth and smiled. It was very sweet and sticky. They liked it a lot.
"Thank you, Mom and Dad. You are the best," they said.
Mom and Dad smiled and hugged them. They were glad to see them happy. They told them to eat their candy quickly and then follow them to the gate. They had to board the plane soon.
Anna and Ben finished their candy and threw away the wrapper. They followed Mom and Dad to the gate. They saw the big plane and the pilot. The pilot was wearing a hat and a uniform. He looked very serious.
"Hello, kids. Are you ready to fly?" the pilot said.
"Yes, yes, we are ready. We are going to see our grandma," Anna said.
"That's wonderful. I hope you have a good flight. And remember, no more candy until you land," the pilot said.
He winked at them and gave them a sticker. It had a picture of a plane and his name. They thanked him and stuck it on their shirts. They felt very proud and happy.
They boarded the plane and found their seats. They buckled their seat belts and listened to the instructions. They looked out the window and saw the clouds. They were ready for their adventure.