Lily was a cheerful girl who liked to play with her toys and talk to her friends. She had a big dream of becoming a dancer when she grew up. She always danced in her room and showed her moves to her mom and dad.
One day, she saw a poster of a dance show at the park. She asked her mom if they could go and watch it. Her mom said yes, but they had to do some chores first. Lily agreed and helped her mom clean the house and wash the dishes.
After they finished, they got ready to go to the park. Lily put on her favorite dress and shoes and grabbed her teddy bear. She was so excited to see the dancers and learn from them.
They walked to the park and found a good spot to sit. The show was about to start. Lily saw the dancers wearing beautiful costumes and smiling. She clapped her hands and cheered for them.
She noticed that one of the dancers looked like her. She had the same hair color and eyes. Lily thought that maybe she was her sister or cousin. She wanted to talk to her and ask her how she became a dancer.
She waited until the show was over and then ran to the stage. She saw the dancer she liked and called her name. The dancer turned around and saw Lily.
"Hi, I'm Lily. You are so good at dancing. Are you my sister or cousin?" Lily asked.
The dancer looked at Lily and frowned. She did not like being bothered by a little girl. She did not reply to Lily. She pushed her away and said, "Go away, you annoying brat. You are not my sister or cousin. You are nothing. You will never be a dancer like me. You are just a silly girl with a stupid dream."
Lily felt a sharp pain in her chest. She fell to the ground and dropped her teddy bear. She started to cry. She did not understand why the dancer was so mean to her. She did not do anything wrong. She just wanted to be her friend and learn from her.
Her mom heard her cry and ran to her. She hugged her and tried to comfort her. She saw the dancer walking away and glared at her. She said, "Don't worry, Lily. She is not a good dancer. She is a bad person. She does not know how to be kind and respectful. She does not deserve your admiration. You have a wonderful dream and you can achieve it. You are a cheerful and talented girl. You just need to work hard and practice. And you will always have me and dad to support you and love you."
Lily looked at her mom and smiled. She wiped her tears and hugged her back. She said, "Thank you, mom. I love you. You are the best mom in the world. You are right. I will not give up on my dream. I will be a better dancer than her. And I will be a good person too."
They picked up her teddy bear and left the park. They went home and had a nice dinner. Lily told her dad what happened and he hugged her and praised her. He said, "You are a brave and smart girl, Lily. You did not let that mean dancer hurt you. You learned a valuable lesson today. You learned that not everyone is nice and friendly. You learned that you should not judge people by their appearance. You learned that you should always be polite and respectful to others. And you learned that you should follow your dream and be yourself. I'm proud of you, Lily. You are my little star."
Lily smiled and thanked her dad. She felt better and happier. She went to her room and danced with her teddy bear. She dreamed of becoming a dancer and making people smile. She did not think of the mean dancer anymore. She thought of her mom and dad and her friends. She thought of the good things in life. She was a cheerful girl with a big dream. And she was happy.