Lily wanted to play with her new doll, but her mom said she had to eat her lunch first. Lily was frustrated. She did not like the green stuff on her plate. She pushed it away and said, "No, thank you."
Her mom urged her to try it. She said, "It is good for you, Lily. It will make you strong and healthy. And you can have a cookie after you finish."
Lily looked at the cookie jar on the counter. She wanted a cookie very much. But she did not want the green stuff. She shook her head and said, "No, thank you."
Her mom sighed and said, "Okay, Lily. But you have to eat something. How about some cheese and crackers?"
Lily liked cheese and crackers. She nodded and said, "Yes, please."
Her mom smiled and gave her a plate of cheese and crackers. Lily ate them happily. She thought she was done, but her mom said, "Not yet, Lily. You have to eat some fruit, too."
Lily frowned. She did not like fruit. She said, "No, thank you."
Her mom urged her to try it. She said, "It is sweet and juicy, Lily. It will make you happy and smart. And you can have your doll after you finish."
Lily looked at her doll on the couch. She wanted her doll very much. But she did not want the fruit. She shook her head and said, "No, thank you."
Her mom said, "Lily, you are being very stubborn. You have to eat something healthy. If you don't eat the fruit, you can't have the cookie or the doll."
Lily was shocked. She did not want to lose the cookie or the doll. She looked at the fruit on her plate. It was a banana. She remembered that her dad liked bananas. He said they were yummy and fun. He showed her how to peel them and make funny faces with them. Maybe bananas were not so bad. She decided to try it.
She peeled the banana and took a bite. She was surprised. It was sweet and juicy, just like her mom said. She liked it. She ate the whole banana and said, "More, please."
Her mom was happy. She gave her another banana and said, "Good girl, Lily. I'm proud of you. You ate something healthy. Now you can have the cookie and the doll."
Lily was happy, too. She ate the cookie and hugged the doll. She said, "Thank you, mom. I love you."
Her mom said, "I love you, too, Lily. Now let's go play with your doll."