Sara and Tom liked to play in the woods behind their house. They liked to find pine cones and make houses for their toys. One day, they saw a big pine tree with a hole in it. They wondered what was inside.
"Can we look in the hole?" Sara asked Tom.
"Maybe. But be careful. There might be something scary in there," Tom said.
They walked closer to the pine tree and peeked in the hole. It was dark and empty. They saw nothing but dirt and leaves.
"Can we go in?" Sara asked again.
"I don't know. It looks too small for us," Tom said.
But Sara was curious. She crawled into the hole and said, "Come on, Tom. It's not scary. It's fun."
Tom followed her, but he felt nervous. He wished they had brought a flashlight. He hoped they would not get lost.
They crawled deeper into the hole, until they saw a faint light at the end. They reached the light and saw another hole. They looked out and saw a different part of the woods. They saw a pond and a bridge and some ducks.
"Wow, this is cool," Sara said. "We found a secret tunnel."
"Maybe we should go back," Tom said. "Mom and Dad might be looking for us."
But Sara wanted to explore more. She said, "Let's go see the ducks. Maybe they have babies."
She crawled out of the hole and ran to the pond. Tom followed her, but he felt more nervous. He wondered if they could find their way back.
They reached the pond and saw the ducks. They were cute and fluffy. Sara and Tom smiled and tried to feed them some bread. But then they heard a loud quack and saw a big duck with a red head. It was angry and chased them away.
"Run, Tom, run!" Sara shouted.
They ran back to the hole, but they saw something else. They saw a big bear with a black fur. It was hungry and smelled them. It roared and followed them.
"Help, Sara, help!" Tom cried.
They ran faster and faster, until they reached the hole. They crawled in and hoped the bear would not fit. They heard it scratch and growl and try to get in. They were scared and cried.
They crawled back to the other hole, where they had come from. They hoped to see their house and their parents. But they saw something else. They saw a big fire with a red flame. It was burning the woods and the pine tree. It crackled and smoked and reached the hole. They felt the heat and the pain.
They screamed and screamed, until they woke up. They were in their beds, in their room, in their house. They were safe and sound. It was all a dream.
They hugged each other and said, "I'm sorry, Sara. I'm sorry, Tom."
They heard their mom and dad come in. They asked them what was wrong. They told them about their dream. They said they were sorry for being naughty and going into the hole.
Their mom and dad hugged them and said, "It's okay, Sara. It's okay, Tom. We're glad you're okay. We love you."
They said they loved them too. They said they would never go into the hole again. They said they would always listen to their mom and dad.
They went back to sleep, and dreamed of happy things.