Sam and Lily were twins who liked to play with books. They had many books with pictures and stories that their mom and dad read to them. But Sam and Lily were also very nosy. They wanted to know what was inside the books that their mom and dad kept on the high shelf. They were big books with no pictures and many pages.
One day, when their mom and dad were out, Sam and Lily climbed on a chair and reached for the high shelf. They took down one of the big books and opened it. They saw many words that they did not understand. They felt bored and angry.
"This book is no fun!" Sam said. "Let's throw it away!"
He grabbed a page and tore it out. He threw it on the floor. Lily saw him and did the same. They tore out many pages and threw them around. They laughed and made a mess.
Suddenly, they heard the door open. It was their mom and dad. They saw the book and the pages on the floor. They looked very sad and angry.
"Sam and Lily, what have you done?" their mom asked. "This book was very special. It was a gift from your grandma. She wrote it herself. It had stories about our family and our history. You have ruined it!"
Sam and Lily felt very sorry and ashamed. They realized that they had done something very bad. They wished they had not been so nosy and careless.
They hugged their mom and dad and said, "We are sorry, mom and dad. We did not know. We were curious and bored. We did not mean to hurt you or grandma. Please forgive us."
Their mom and dad hugged them back and said, "We forgive you, Sam and Lily. But you have to learn to respect other people's things. Books are not toys. They are treasures. They have stories and meanings that you may not understand yet. You have to be careful and gentle with them. And you have to ask before you touch something that is not yours. Do you understand?"
Sam and Lily nodded and said, "We understand, mom and dad. We will be more careful and respectful. We will not be so nosy and throw things away. We will try to read and learn from the books. And we will say sorry to grandma too."
Their mom and dad smiled and said, "That's good, Sam and Lily. We love you. And we are proud of you for being honest and sorry. Now, let's see if we can fix the book and the pages. Maybe we can still read some of grandma's stories together."