Ben and Sam are brothers. They live on a farm with their mom and dad. They have cows, pigs, chickens and a dog. They like to play outside and help with the farm work.
One day, Ben and Sam see a big truck on the road. The truck is loud and fast. It has a lot of boxes on it. Ben and Sam wonder what is in the boxes. They run to the fence and wave at the truck. They hope the truck will stop and show them the boxes.
But the truck does not stop. It keeps going and going. Ben and Sam are sad and angry. They think the truck is stupid and mean. They yell at the truck and throw rocks at it. They want the truck to go away.
But the truck does not go away. It turns around and comes back. It stops in front of the farm. The driver gets out of the truck. He is big and scary. He has a hat and a beard. He looks at Ben and Sam and says, "Why did you wave at me? Why did you throw rocks at me? Do you want to get in trouble?"
Ben and Sam are scared and sorry. They did not know the truck was coming to the farm. They did not know the driver was their mom's friend. He was bringing them a surprise. He was bringing them a new bike. A bike for Ben and a bike for Sam.
Ben and Sam say, "We are sorry. We did not know. We thought you were stupid and mean. We were wrong. Please forgive us."
The driver smiles and says, "It's okay. I forgive you. But next time, be careful and polite. Don't wave at strangers. Don't throw rocks at cars. And don't call people stupid and mean. That's not nice."
Ben and Sam nod and say, "We understand. We will be careful and polite. We will not wave at strangers. We will not throw rocks at cars. And we will not call people stupid and mean. We are sorry."
The driver says, "Good. Now, do you want to see your surprise? Do you want to see your new bikes?"
Ben and Sam say, "Yes, please. Yes, please. We want to see our new bikes."
The driver opens the truck and shows them the bikes. They are shiny and colorful. They have wheels and pedals and bells. Ben and Sam are happy and excited. They hug the driver and thank him. They hug their mom and dad and thank them. They get on their bikes and ride around the farm. They are careful and polite. They wave at their friends and animals. They do not throw rocks at anyone. And they do not call anyone stupid and mean. They are good boys. They have fun. The end.