Ben and Lily were playing with their toy cars in the garden. They liked to make them zoom and crash and honk. Ben had a red car and Lily had a blue car. They were having fun until Ben saw something unusual.
"Look, Lily, look!" Ben said, pointing to a big yellow truck that was parked on the street. "It has a big ear on the back!"
Lily looked and saw that the truck had a round metal thing that looked like an ear. It was a speaker that the truck used to make loud noises.
"What does it do?" Lily asked.
"I don't know. Maybe it talks to other trucks," Ben said. He wanted to see the truck up close. He ran to the gate and opened it.
"Ben, wait!" Lily said. "Mum said we can't go on the street. It's dangerous!"
But Ben did not listen. He ran to the truck and touched the ear. It was cold and hard. He pushed a button and the ear made a loud beep.
"Wow!" Ben said. He pushed another button and the ear made a siren sound.
"Stop it, Ben!" Lily said. She followed him to the truck and tried to pull him away. "You're making too much noise. The truck driver will be angry!"
But Ben did not stop. He pushed another button and the ear made a funny voice.
"Hello, hello, this is the truck. I'm going to reverse now. Beep, beep, beep!"
Ben laughed. He thought it was funny. But Lily did not laugh. She was scared. She saw the truck driver coming out of a shop. He looked angry.
"Hey, you kids, get away from my truck!" he shouted. He ran to the truck and grabbed Ben and Lily. He was very big and strong.
"Sorry, sorry, we were just playing," Lily said. She was crying.
"Playing? You were messing with my truck. Do you know how much trouble you could have caused? You could have made me crash or hit someone. You could have hurt yourselves or others. You're very naughty and careless," the truck driver said. He was very loud and mean.
Ben and Lily were very sorry and scared. They wished they had not touched the truck. They wished they had listened to Mum and Lily. They wished they could go back to their garden and play with their toy cars. They learned a lesson that day. They learned to never touch things that are not theirs and to stay away from the street. They learned to be careful and respectful. They learned that some things are not toys. They learned that some ears are not for listening, but for warning.