Tom and Anna were twins. They liked to play together, but sometimes they fought. One day, they had a big fight over a toy. Tom wanted to play with the toy, but Anna said it was hers. They pulled and pushed and shouted.
"Give me the toy, it's mine!" Tom said.
"No, it's mine, you had it yesterday!" Anna said.
They were so angry that they did not hear their mom calling them for lunch. They did not see their dad coming into the room. They did not notice the toy breaking in their hands.
"Stop it, you two!" their dad said. "Look what you have done! You broke the toy, and you made a mess. You are both foolish. Go to your rooms and think about what you did."
Tom and Anna felt sad and sorry. They dropped the toy and ran to their rooms. They did not want to eat lunch. They did not want to play anymore. They wanted to say sorry to each other and to their mom and dad.
Tom lay on his bed and thought. He wished he had not fought with Anna. He wished he had shared the toy. He wished he had listened to his mom. He closed his eyes and prayed.
"Dear God, please help me to be a good brother. Please help me to be kind and fair. Please help me to say sorry to Anna and to mom and dad. Please fix the toy and make it new again. Amen."
Anna sat on her chair and thought. She wished she had not fought with Tom. She wished she had let him play with the toy. She wished she had heard her dad. She opened her mouth and prayed.
"Dear God, please help me to be a good sister. Please help me to be gentle and nice. Please help me to say sorry to Tom and to mom and dad. Please mend the toy and make it whole again. Amen."
Then, Tom and Anna heard a knock on their doors. It was their mom. She smiled and said, "I have a surprise for you. Come with me."
She took them to the bathroom. There, on the sink, was a new toy. It was the same as the one they had broken, but better. It had bright colors and shiny buttons. It made funny sounds and lights.
"Wow!" Tom and Anna said.
"This is for you," their mom said. "Your dad and I bought it for you. We know you love this toy, and we love you. We are sorry we were angry with you. We know you are sorry too. Can you forgive us?"
Tom and Anna hugged their mom and said, "Yes, we forgive you. We love you too. And we are sorry we were foolish. Can you forgive us?"
Their mom nodded and said, "Of course, we forgive you. You are our children, and we are proud of you. Now, why don't you play with your new toy together, and then we can have lunch?"
Tom and Anna smiled and said, "Yes, let's do that. Thank you, mom. Thank you, dad. Thank you, God."
They took the new toy and went to their room. They played with it happily, and they shared it nicely. They did not fight anymore. They were good twins.