Anna and Ben loved to help their mom bake cookies. They put on their aprons and washed their hands. Mom gave them each a big bowl with flour, sugar, butter and eggs. She told them to stir the ingredients well with a wooden spoon.
Anna stirred her bowl fast and hard. She wanted to make the best cookies ever. She thought her stirring was impressive. She looked at Ben and said, "Look how fast I stir! My cookies will be yummy!"
Ben stirred his bowl slowly and gently. He wanted to make the cookies with love. He thought his stirring was nice. He looked at Anna and said, "Look how careful I stir! My cookies will be sweet!"
Mom smiled and said, "You are both doing a great job! But remember, stirring is not the only thing that makes cookies good. You also need to add some chocolate chips and some vanilla. And you need to measure them with a cup and a spoon."
Anna and Ben nodded and followed Mom's instructions. They added the chocolate chips and the vanilla to their bowls. They measured them with a cup and a spoon. They stirred them again. Then they scooped the dough onto a baking sheet.
Mom put the baking sheet in the oven and set the timer. She said, "Now we have to wait for the cookies to bake. Do you know what we can do while we wait?"
Anna and Ben thought for a moment. Then they had an idea. They ran to Mom and gave her a big hug. They said, "We can hug you and thank you for letting us help you bake cookies!"
Mom hugged them back and said, "That's a wonderful idea! I love you both so much! You are the best helpers ever!"
They hugged and laughed until the timer beeped. Then they ran to the oven and looked at the cookies. They were golden and gooey and smelled delicious. They were impressed by their own cookies. They were also impressed by each other's cookies.
Mom took the cookies out of the oven and let them cool on a rack. She said, "You did a fantastic job, Anna and Ben! Your cookies look and smell amazing! I'm sure they will taste even better!"
Anna and Ben smiled and said, "Thank you, Mom! We love you!"
They waited for the cookies to cool a little. Then they each took one and bit into it. They closed their eyes and savored the flavor. They agreed that the cookies were the best they ever had. They also agreed that stirring, measuring, and hugging were all important parts of baking cookies.