Tim and Kim are twins. They like to play with toys and run in the park. But they do not like to work. They do not like to clean their room, or help mom and dad, or do their homework.
One day, mom and dad tell them they have to work. They have to put away their toys, and wash their dishes, and write their letters. Tim and Kim are angry. They say no. They say they want to play. They say work is boring and hard.
Mom and dad are sad. They say work is good. They say work makes them strong and smart and happy. They say work helps their body and their mind. They say work is not boring and hard, but fun and easy, if they do it with love.
Tim and Kim do not listen. They run away to the park. They play with their toys and run in the park. They do not work. They do not care.
But soon, they feel tired and hungry and thirsty. They do not have any food or water or clothes. They do not have any friends or books or games. They do not have any joy or peace or love. They feel cold and lonely and sad. They look at their body and their mind. They see they are gray and weak and dull.
They wish they had worked. They wish they had listened to mom and dad. They wish they had done their work with love. They say they are sorry. They say they want to work. They say they want to be strong and smart and happy.
They run back to their home. They hug mom and dad. They say they love them. They say they will work. They say they will do their work with love.
Mom and dad are happy. They say they love them too. They say they are proud of them. They say they will help them work. They say they will do their work with love.
Tim and Kim are happy. They work with mom and dad. They put away their toys, and wash their dishes, and write their letters. They work with their body and their mind. They work with love. They see they are not gray and weak and dull, but bright and strong and smart.
They learn that work is good. They learn that work makes them happy. They learn that work is fun and easy, if they do it with love.
The end.