Lily and Tom were best friends. They liked to play with toys and draw pictures. One day, they saw a big box of crayons in the classroom. The crayons were brilliant. They had many colors, like red, blue, yellow, and green.
"Wow, look at those crayons!" Lily said. "They are so pretty. I want to use them."
"Me too," Tom said. "But they are not ours. They belong to Miss Rose, the teacher. She said we can only use them when she says so."
Lily and Tom looked around. Miss Rose was not in the room. She had gone to the office for a minute. Lily had an idea.
"Let's steal some crayons," she whispered. "We can hide them in our pockets and take them home. Then we can draw anything we want."
Tom was scared. He knew stealing was bad. But he also wanted to use the brilliant crayons. He nodded his head.
"Okay," he said. "But we have to be quick and quiet. We don't want Miss Rose to see us."
Lily and Tom ran to the box of crayons. They grabbed some and stuffed them in their pockets. They rubbed their hands together. They felt happy and excited.
But they did not see Sam, another kid in the class. Sam saw them stealing the crayons. He was angry and sad. He liked the crayons too, but he knew he had to wait for Miss Rose. He decided to tell her what Lily and Tom did.
When Miss Rose came back, Sam ran to her.
"Miss Rose, Miss Rose!" he said. "Lily and Tom stole some of your crayons. They put them in their pockets. They are bad."
Miss Rose was shocked and disappointed. She looked at Lily and Tom. They looked guilty and ashamed. They knew they had done something wrong.
Miss Rose walked to them and asked them to show her their pockets. They did. She saw the crayons. She took them out and put them back in the box.
"Lily and Tom, why did you steal my crayons?" she asked. "You know that is not nice. You have to share and ask for permission. How do you think Sam felt when he saw you?"
Lily and Tom felt sorry. They realized they had hurt Sam and Miss Rose. They lowered their heads.
"We are sorry, Miss Rose," they said. "We wanted to use the brilliant crayons. We did not think about Sam. We did not mean to be bad."
Miss Rose sighed. She was glad they apologized, but she was still upset.
"I understand you liked the crayons, but stealing is never okay," she said. "You have to learn to respect other people's things. You have to say sorry to Sam too. And as a consequence, you will not be able to use the crayons for the rest of the week."
Lily and Tom nodded. They walked to Sam and said sorry. Sam forgave them, but he was still hurt. He hoped they would not steal again.
Lily and Tom learned their lesson. They never stole anything again. They learned to share and ask for permission. They also learned to appreciate the crayons they had. They realized they did not need brilliant crayons to make brilliant pictures. They only needed their imagination and their friendship.