Sam and Mia loved to watch fireworks. They waited all year for the big show on the sky. Their dad said it was a rare and special night. He gave them each a sparkler to hold. They waved them in the air and made shapes with the light.
"Look, dad, I made a star!" Mia said.
"Wow, that's very good, Mia. And what did you make, Sam?" dad asked.
"I made a rocket!" Sam said. "It can fly to the moon and destroy the aliens!"
Dad laughed. "That's very creative, Sam. But be careful with your sparkler. Don't touch it or throw it. It can hurt you or start a fire."
Sam nodded. He liked to pretend he was a space hero, but he knew how to be safe. He followed dad to the field where they could see the fireworks better. They sat on a blanket and waited for the show to start.
The first firework went up with a loud bang. It burst into red and blue stars. Sam and Mia clapped and cheered. They saw more fireworks of different colors and shapes. They were so bright and beautiful.
Then, Sam saw something else in the sky. It was a big firework, bigger than any other. It was white and gold and looked like a sun. Sam was amazed. He had never seen such a firework before.
"Dad, look at that one!" he shouted. "It's so big and shiny!"
Dad looked up and smiled. "That's a rare firework, Sam. It's called a finale. It's the last and best one of the show. It's very special."
Sam watched the finale with wonder. He wished he could have a firework like that. He thought it would be fun to make it fly and destroy the aliens. He forgot about his sparkler in his hand. He threw it in the air, hoping it would be like a firework.
But it was not like a firework. It was like a fire. It landed on the blanket and set it on fire. The fire spread quickly and reached the other sparklers that dad had brought. They ignited and exploded. The blanket was destroyed. The field was on fire. The people were scared and ran away.
Sam was shocked and scared. He did not mean to start a fire. He did not mean to destroy the blanket. He did not mean to ruin the show. He started to cry.
Dad grabbed Sam and Mia and ran away from the fire. He was angry and worried. He shouted at Sam.
"Sam, what did you do? You were very naughty and dangerous. You could have hurt yourself or someone else. You could have burned the whole field. You ruined the rare and special night. You are in big trouble, young man."
Sam felt very sorry and sad. He wished he had listened to dad. He wished he had not thrown his sparkler. He wished he had not seen the rare firework. He wished he could say sorry and make it better. But he could not. He had made a big mistake. He learned a hard lesson. He would never play with fire again.