Tom and Lily were twins who liked to play with their toys. One day, their mom brought home a big white cauliflower from the market. She put it on the table and said, "This is a cauliflower. It is a vegetable that is good for you. We will cook it for dinner."
Tom and Lily looked at the cauliflower and thought it was strange. It looked like a big flower, but it was not colorful or pretty. It was white and bumpy. They did not want to eat it. They wanted to play with it.
They took the cauliflower from the table and ran to their room. They pretended it was a snowman and put a hat and a scarf on it. They had fun making funny faces and voices for the cauliflower. They did not hear their mom calling them for dinner.
Their mom came to their room and saw the cauliflower on the floor. She was angry and sad. She said, "Tom and Lily, what have you done? You have wasted a good vegetable that I bought for you. You have made a mess of your room. You have not listened to me. You have been very naughty."
Tom and Lily felt sorry and ashamed. They realized they had done something wrong. They said, "We are sorry, mom. We did not mean to be naughty. We just wanted to play with the cauliflower. We did not know it was for dinner. We did not know it was good for us."
Their mom hugged them and said, "I forgive you, but you have to learn to respect food and listen to me. Cauliflower is not a toy. It is a food that can make you healthy and strong. You have to try new things and not judge them by how they look. You have to obey me and come when I call you. You have to be good children."
Tom and Lily nodded and said, "We understand, mom. We will try the cauliflower and we will listen to you. We will be good children."
Their mom smiled and said, "That's good. Now, let's go to the kitchen and wash the cauliflower. I will show you how to cook it and make it tasty. Maybe you will like it after all."
Tom and Lily followed their mom to the kitchen. They helped her wash the cauliflower and cut it into pieces. They watched her put it in a pot with water and salt and boil it. They smelled the steam and saw the bubbles. They were curious and excited. They wanted to taste the cauliflower and see if it was good. They learned something new and had fun with their mom. They were happy.