Tom and Anna are playing doctor with their toys. Tom has a teddy bear and Anna has a doll. They pretend that the toys are sick and need help.
"Your bear has a bad head," Anna says. "He needs an operation. I will be the doctor and you will be the nurse."
"OK," Tom says. "What do we do?"
Anna takes a plastic knife and a spoon from their toy box. She puts the bear on a pillow and says, "We have to make his head open and remove his brain. Then we can fix it and put it back."
Tom looks scared. He likes his bear and does not want him to be hurt. He says, "No, Anna, don't do that. That sounds scary and painful. Maybe we can give him some medicine instead."
Anna shakes her head. She says, "No, Tom, this is the only way. Trust me, I am a good doctor. It will not hurt him. He will feel better after. Now, hold his paw and count to three."
Tom holds his bear's paw and closes his eyes. He does not want to see what Anna is doing. He counts, "One, two, three."
Anna cuts the bear's head with the knife and scoops out some stuffing with the spoon. She says, "There, I removed his brain. Now I can see what is wrong with it."
Tom opens his eyes and sees his bear's head open and empty. He cries, "Anna, what did you do? You ruined my bear. He is not sick, he is dead. You are a bad doctor. Give me back his brain."
Anna looks surprised. She says, "Don't cry, Tom. I did not ruin your bear. I can put his brain back. See, I have it here in the spoon. It is just some fluff. He is not dead, he is sleeping. He will wake up soon and be happy."
Tom does not believe her. He snatches the spoon from her and tries to stuff the fluff back into his bear's head. He says, "You are lying, Anna. You don't know how to fix him. You don't know anything. Go away and leave me alone."
Anna feels sad and angry. She says, "Fine, Tom. I will go away. But you are not nice. You don't appreciate my help. You don't know how to play doctor. You are a bad nurse."
She takes her doll and leaves. Tom hugs his bear and cries. He wishes he never played doctor with Anna. He wishes his bear was not open and empty. He wishes he had a real doctor to make him better.