Tim liked to draw with his crayons. He had many colors and he made pictures of his family, his dog, and his toys. He wanted to improve his drawing, so he practiced every day. He was proud of his work and he showed it to his mom and dad.
One day, he saw a new box of crayons on the table. They were shiny and had more colors than his old ones. He wanted to try them, but he knew they were not his. They belonged to his big sister, who was at school. He thought she would not mind if he borrowed them for a little while. He took the box and went to his room.
He opened the box and saw the beautiful crayons. He picked one and started to draw on a new paper. He liked how the crayon glided on the paper and made bright marks. He tried another one, and another one, until he had used all the colors. He made a big picture of a rainbow and a sun. He was happy with his drawing and he put it on the wall.
He heard the door open and his sister came home. He ran to greet her and gave her a hug. She smiled and hugged him back. She went to her room and saw the box of crayons on her bed. She opened it and saw that the crayons were all used and broken. She was angry and sad. She had saved her money to buy the new crayons and she had not even used them yet. She saw the drawing on the wall and knew it was Tim's. She yelled at him and told him he was a bad brother. She took the drawing and tore it in pieces.
Tim felt guilty and sorry. He did not mean to hurt his sister or ruin her crayons. He just wanted to improve his drawing and use the new colors. He cried and said he was sorry. He offered to give her his old crayons and his best picture. He asked her to forgive him and be his friend again.
His sister looked at him and saw his tears and his gift. She felt guilty and sorry too. She had been too harsh and mean. She knew he loved her and he did not do it on purpose. She hugged him and said she was sorry. She told him he was a good brother and she liked his drawing. She said they could share the crayons and make new pictures together. She gave him a treat from her lunch box and they smiled and played. They improved their relationship and their drawing.