Sara liked to help her mom in the garden. She liked to dig and water and watch the plants grow. She liked the carrots and the tomatoes and the lettuce. But she did not like the onions. They made her eyes water and her nose sting. She thought they were ugly and pale and smelly.
One day, her mom asked her to pick some onions for dinner. Sara did not want to do it. She said, "No, mom, I don't like onions. They are bad. Can I pick something else?" Her mom said, "No, Sara, we need onions for the soup. They are good for you. They make the soup tasty and healthy. Please pick some for me."
Sara was sad and angry. She did not want to pick the onions. She wanted to pick something else. She thought of a plan. She went to the garden and picked some onions. But she did not put them in the basket. She hid them under a big leaf. Then she picked some carrots and some tomatoes and some lettuce. She put them in the basket. She thought, "Now mom will not see the onions. She will use the other things for the soup. I will not have to eat the onions."
She brought the basket to her mom. Her mom smiled and said, "Thank you, Sara, for picking the vegetables. You are a good helper." She looked in the basket and saw the carrots and the tomatoes and the lettuce. She said, "These are very nice. But where are the onions? I asked you to pick some onions for the soup."
Sara felt guilty and scared. She knew she had done something wrong. She said, "I don't know, mom. Maybe there are no onions in the garden. Maybe they did not grow." Her mom said, "That's strange. I saw some onions in the garden this morning. They were big and pale and ready to pick. Let's go and see."
They went to the garden and looked for the onions. Sara hoped her mom would not find them. But her mom was very smart. She saw the big leaf and lifted it. She saw the onions hidden under it. She said, "Sara, what is this? Did you hide the onions under the leaf? Why did you do that?"
Sara felt ashamed and sorry. She said, "I'm sorry, mom. I did hide the onions. I don't like onions. They make me cry and sneeze. I wanted to pick something else. I did not want to eat the onions."
Her mom said, "Sara, I understand that you don't like onions. But you should not lie to me or hide things from me. That is not nice. That is not honest. You should do what I ask you to do. You should try new things. You might like them if you give them a chance. Onions are not bad. They are good for you. They make the soup tasty and healthy. They are part of the garden. They are part of the family. Will you please pick some onions for me and help me make the soup?"
Sara felt sorry and hugged her mom. She said, "I'm sorry, mom. I love you. I will pick some onions for you. I will help you make the soup. I will try to eat the onions. Maybe they are not so bad. Maybe they are good. Maybe they will make me grow."