Tommy loved to play with his toy soldiers. He had many of them, and he liked to make them fight and march and talk. He had a big box where he stored his soldiers when he was done playing.
One day, Tommy's mom said they had to go to the store. Tommy did not want to go. He wanted to stay home and play with his soldiers. He felt miserable. He told his mom, "No, no, no! I don't want to go to the store!"
But his mom said, "Come on, Tommy, we have to go. It will be quick, I promise. And maybe you will see something you like at the store."
Tommy did not believe his mom. He thought the store was boring and had nothing he liked. He pouted and followed his mom to the car.
At the store, Tommy's mom gave him a basket and told him to help her find some things. Tommy did not want to help. He wanted to play with his soldiers. He dragged his basket and looked around. He saw some clothes, some food, some books, some toys. He did not like any of them.
But then, he saw something that made his eyes light up. He saw a shelf full of toy soldiers. They were shiny and colorful and had different weapons and uniforms. They looked like real soldiers. Tommy ran to the shelf and grabbed a box of soldiers. He looked at them and smiled. He said, "Mom, mom, look! I want these soldiers! Please, please, please!"
His mom came over and saw the box of soldiers. She saw how happy Tommy was. She said, "Okay, Tommy, you can have these soldiers. But you have to put back some of the soldiers you already have at home. You have too many, and you need to share with other kids who don't have any."
Tommy nodded. He did not mind. He was so excited to have new soldiers. He said, "Thank you, mom! You are the best! I will put back some of my old soldiers. I will store them in a bag and give them to the charity."
His mom smiled and hugged him. She said, "You are welcome, Tommy. You are a good boy. I am proud of you."
Tommy hugged his mom back. He felt happy. He did not feel miserable anymore. He liked the store. He liked his mom. He liked his new soldiers. He could not wait to get home and play with them.