Ben and Mia liked to play in the park. They liked to swing, slide and run. But their favorite thing was to watch the big crane. The crane was very tall and strong. It could lift heavy things and move them around. Ben and Mia wanted to touch the crane, but their mom said no.
"Mom, can we please touch the crane?" Ben asked.
"No, Ben, you can't. The crane is not for playing. It is for working. It could hurt you if you get too close. You have to stay away from the crane," mom said.
"But mom, it looks so cool. We just want to see it up close. Please, mom, please," Mia begged.
"No, Mia, you can't. The crane is not for you. It is for the workers. They have a job to do. You have to respect their work. You have to listen to me," mom said.
Ben and Mia were not happy. They did not like mom's answer. They thought mom was mean. They wanted to touch the crane. They waited until mom was busy talking to another mom. Then they sneaked away from the swings. They ran towards the crane. They did not see the sign that said "Danger. Do not enter."
They reached the crane. They felt the rough metal. They climbed on the wheels. They pulled on the wires. They had fun. They did not hear the workers shouting at them. They did not see the crane moving. They did not feel the crane lifting them up.
Mom saw the crane. She saw Ben and Mia. She was scared. She ran towards the crane. She yelled at Ben and Mia. She told them to get down. She told them to be careful. She told them they were in trouble.
The workers saw the crane. They saw Ben and Mia. They were angry. They stopped the crane. They lowered Ben and Mia. They told them to get off. They told them they were naughty. They told them they could have been hurt.
Ben and Mia were sorry. They realized they made a mistake. They realized they disobeyed mom. They realized they endangered themselves and others. They apologized to mom. They apologized to the workers. They promised to never touch the crane again.
Mom was relieved. She hugged Ben and Mia. She was glad they were safe. She was sad they were disobedient. She explained to them why they should not touch the crane. She explained to them why they should listen to her. She explained to them why they should respect the work of others.
Ben and Mia learned a lesson. They learned to obey mom. They learned to stay away from the crane. They learned to appreciate the work of others. They still liked to watch the crane, but from a safe distance. They never forgot the day they touched the crane.