Lily liked to go to the park with her mom and dad. She loved to see the flowers, the trees, the birds and the bugs. She thought nature was very pretty and fun. She always brought her favorite toy, a red ball, to play with.
One day, she saw a big dog in the park. The dog was brown and furry, and had a long tail. Lily thought the dog was cute and wanted to pet it. She ran towards the dog with her ball in her hand. She did not see the sign that said "Beware of the dog".
The dog saw Lily and her ball. The dog liked balls too. He thought Lily wanted to play with him. He barked and jumped at Lily. He wanted to take the ball from her. Lily was scared and screamed. She dropped the ball and ran back to her mom and dad.
The dog grabbed the ball and ran away. Lily was sad and angry. She wanted her ball back. She cried and said, "Bad dog! Give me my ball!" Her mom and dad hugged her and tried to calm her down. They said, "We're sorry, Lily. The dog was not nice. He should not have taken your ball. Maybe we can find another ball for you."
Lily stopped crying and looked around. She saw a boy in the park. He had a blue ball. He was playing by himself. Lily thought the boy was lonely and wanted a friend. She felt sorry for him. She had an idea. She said, "Mom, dad, can I go play with that boy? Maybe he will share his ball with me."
Her mom and dad smiled and nodded. They said, "That's very kind of you, Lily. You can go play with him. But be careful and polite. Ask him if he wants to play with you. And don't forget to say thank you."
Lily ran towards the boy with a smile. She said, "Hi, I'm Lily. What's your name?" The boy looked up and said, "I'm Ben. Do you want to play with me?" Lily said, "Yes, please. Can I play with your ball?" Ben said, "Sure, you can. Here, catch!" He threw the ball to Lily. Lily caught it and threw it back. They laughed and played together. Lily was happy and excited. She made a new friend. She thought nature was very pretty and fun. And she did not miss her red ball anymore.