Anna and Ben are on a big boat with their mom and dad. They are going to a new place called a port. A port is where many boats stop and people can get off and see new things. Anna and Ben are very excited to see the port.
But before they can go to the port, they have to bathe. Bathe means to wash your body with water and soap. Mom and dad say that bathing is good for you and makes you clean and fresh. Anna and Ben do not like to bathe. They think it is boring and cold.
"Come on, Anna and Ben, it is time to bathe," mom says. "We will be at the port soon and you want to look nice, don't you?"
"No, we don't want to bathe," Anna and Ben say. "We want to play with our toys and look at the water."
"Please, Anna and Ben, don't be silly," dad says. "Bathing is not so bad. It can be fun and warm. Look, I have a rubber duck and a boat for you. You can make them swim and splash in the water."
Anna and Ben look at the rubber duck and the boat. They look fun and cute. Maybe bathing is not so bad after all. They decide to give it a try.
Mom and dad help them take off their clothes and get into the tub. The water is warm and bubbly. Anna and Ben put the rubber duck and the boat in the water. They make them swim and splash and quack and honk. They laugh and giggle and have fun. They forget that they are bathing.
Mom and dad wash their hair and body with soap and shampoo. They rinse them with water and dry them with towels. They put on clean clothes and comb their hair. They look nice and smell good.
"See, Anna and Ben, bathing was not so bad, was it?" mom says. "You had fun and now you are ready to go to the port."
"Yes, mom, bathing was not so bad," Anna and Ben say. "We had fun and now we are ready to go to the port."
They hug mom and dad and thank them for the rubber duck and the boat. They grab their toys and run to the deck. They see the port in the distance. It looks big and colorful and busy. They can't wait to get off the boat and see new things. They are happy and curious and adventurous.