Sara and Tom were playing with their toys in the living room. They heard a loud noise outside. It was a hurricane. The wind was blowing hard and the rain was falling fast.
"Mommy, what is that?" Sara asked, feeling scared.
"That is a hurricane, Sara. It is a big storm that can make things fly and break. We have to stay inside and be safe," Mommy said, hugging Sara and Tom.
"Can we play with our toys?" Tom asked.
"Yes, you can, but you have to be careful and share. Don't fight or break anything," Mommy said.
Sara and Tom nodded and went back to their toys. Sara wanted to play with the doll, but Tom grabbed it first.
"Give me the doll, Tom. It is mine," Sara said, pulling the doll.
"No, it is mine. I saw it first," Tom said, pulling back.
They both pulled and pulled until the doll ripped. The stuffing came out and the head fell off. Sara and Tom gasped.
"Look what you did! You broke the doll!" Sara cried.
"It is your fault! You squeezed it too hard!" Tom yelled.
Mommy heard them and came to see what happened. She saw the broken doll and the angry children.
"What is going on here? Why did you break the doll?" Mommy asked.
Sara and Tom blamed each other and started to cry.
Mommy sighed and said, "Sara, Tom, listen to me. Fighting and squeezing are not good. They can hurt people and things. You have to be patient and kind. You have to share and take turns. That is how you can be good friends and have fun. Do you understand?"
Sara and Tom nodded and said, "We are sorry, Mommy. We are sorry, doll."
Mommy smiled and said, "It is okay. I forgive you. And I think the doll can be fixed. Let's go and find some thread and a needle. And maybe we can find some other toys to play with, too."
Sara and Tom hugged Mommy and said, "Thank you, Mommy. We love you."
They followed Mommy to the sewing room and helped her fix the doll. Then they found some cars and blocks and books to play with. They shared and took turns and said nice words. They forgot about the hurricane and had fun. They learned to be patient and kind.