Sara liked to play with her dolls. She had many dolls, but her favorite was Lily. Lily had long yellow hair that Sara liked to comb. Sara had a pink comb that she used only for Lily.
One day, Sara's mom said, "Sara, we are going to visit grandma today. Do you want to bring Lily with you?" Sara nodded and smiled. She ran to her room and picked up Lily and her comb. She wanted to make Lily look pretty for grandma.
On the way to grandma's house, Sara sat in the back seat with Lily. She combed Lily's hair and talked to her. "Lily, you are going to meet my grandma. She is very nice and she likes dolls. She will be happy to see you." Sara said.
When they arrived at grandma's house, Sara jumped out of the car and ran to the door. She rang the bell and waited. Grandma opened the door and smiled. She saw Sara and Lily and said, "Hello, Sara! Hello, Lily! You are both so cheerful and beautiful! Come in, come in!"
Sara hugged grandma and said, "Hi, grandma! I brought Lily to see you. She is my best doll. Look, I combed her hair with my pink comb." Sara raised Lily and showed her to grandma.
Grandma took Lily and said, "Oh, Sara, Lily is lovely. And your pink comb is very pretty. You know, I have a surprise for you. Come with me to the living room." Grandma led Sara and Lily to the living room. There, on the couch, was a big box with a bow. Grandma said, "This is for you, Sara. Open it and see what's inside."
Sara was curious and excited. She opened the box and gasped. Inside was a new doll. She had long brown hair and a blue dress. She looked like Sara. Sara took the doll and said, "Wow, grandma, thank you! She is amazing! What is her name?"
Grandma smiled and said, "Her name is Rose. She is your new friend. And look, she has a comb too. A blue comb that matches her dress. You can comb her hair and Lily's hair together."
Sara was very happy. She hugged grandma and said, "Thank you, thank you, thank you! I love you, grandma! And I love Rose and Lily! They are my best dolls ever!" Sara combed Rose's hair and Lily's hair with their combs. She played with them and talked to them. She was cheerful and grateful. Grandma watched her and smiled. She was glad to see Sara so happy. She thought, "This is the best day ever."