Anna and Ben were very happy. They were going to the festival with their mom and dad. The festival had many fun things. There were balloons, games, music, and food. Anna and Ben wanted to see everything.
They saw a big clown with a red nose and big shoes. He made funny faces and noises. He gave Anna and Ben each a balloon animal. Anna got a pink bunny and Ben got a blue dog. They thanked the clown and ran to the next thing.
They saw a big tent with a sign that said "Magic Show". They wanted to see the magic. They went inside the tent and sat on the floor. There were many other kids and grown-ups. They waited for the show to start.
The show started with a man in a black hat and a cape. He had a wand and a box. He said he was going to make a rabbit appear from the box. He waved his wand and said some words. He opened the box and everyone gasped. There was no rabbit. There was a big sneeze.
The man looked surprised and confused. He looked inside the box again and saw a small boy with a red face and a runny nose. The boy had sneaked into the box and was hiding there. He had sneezed because of the dust. He said he was sorry and ran out of the box.
Everyone laughed except the man. He was angry and embarrassed. He said the show was over and left the tent. Anna and Ben felt sorry for the man. They thought he was not a good magician. They wondered why the boy was in the box.
They saw the boy outside the tent. He was holding a yellow cat. He said his name was Tom and he liked magic. He said he wanted to see the rabbit and he was jealous of the man. He said he did not have a ticket for the festival and he had to hide. He said he liked the cat and he had found it in the street.
Anna and Ben felt sorry for Tom. They said he could be their friend and share their balloons. They said they had tickets for the festival and they could show him around. They said they liked the cat and they asked if they could pet it. Tom smiled and said yes. He said he was sorry for ruining the show and he thanked them for being nice. They all became friends and had fun at the festival.