Sara and Ben are twins who like to play in their room. They have many toys, books and games, but they do not like to put them away. Their room is always messy and their mom is always angry.
One day, their mom gave them a radio as a gift. She said, "This is a special radio. It can play songs and stories for you. But you have to keep it clean and safe. Do not leave it on the floor or near water. And do not turn it too loud or too soft. Can you do that?"
Sara and Ben nodded and said, "Yes, mom. Thank you for the radio. We will take good care of it." They were very happy and excited. They took the radio to their room and turned it on. They heard a nice song and started to dance and sing.
But soon, they got bored of the song and wanted to hear a story. They turned the knob on the radio, but they could not find a story. They only heard noises and voices that they did not understand. They turned the knob more and more, but they still could not find a story. They got frustrated and angry. They started to argue and blame each other.
"Why did you turn it so loud? Now it is broken!" Sara said.
"No, you turned it too soft! Now it is lost!" Ben said.
They pushed and pulled the radio, but it did not work. They heard a loud crack and saw sparks and smoke. The radio was broken. They were scared and sad. They cried and hugged each other.
Their mom heard the noise and came to their room. She saw the broken radio and the messy room. She was very disappointed and sad. She said, "What happened here? I gave you a nice radio, but you did not take care of it. You did not listen to me or to the radio. You did not respect your gift or each other. You made a big mistake."
Sara and Ben felt sorry and ashamed. They said, "We are sorry, mom. We were not careful. We did not follow your rules. We did not cooperate. We made a big mistake. Can you fix the radio?"
Their mom shook her head and said, "No, I cannot fix the radio. It is too damaged. You have to learn from your mistake. You have to be more organized and responsible. You have to listen and follow instructions. You have to share and be kind. You have to guess what the radio would say if it could talk. What do you think it would say?"
Sara and Ben thought hard and said, "We think the radio would say, 'Please keep me clean and safe. Please do not leave me on the floor or near water. Please do not turn me too loud or too soft. Please enjoy my songs and stories. Please be happy and friendly.'"
Their mom smiled and said, "That is a good guess. I think the radio would say that too. And I think you would be happier and friendlier if you did that too. Do you want to try?"
Sara and Ben nodded and said, "Yes, mom. We want to try. We want to be more organized and responsible. We want to listen and follow instructions. We want to share and be kind. We want to enjoy our toys, books and games. We want to be happy and friendly."
Their mom hugged them and said, "That is good. I am proud of you. I love you. Maybe one day, I will get you another radio. But for now, you have to clean up your room and say sorry to each other. Can you do that?"
Sara and Ben nodded and said, "Yes, mom. We can do that. We love you too." They started to clean up their room and say sorry to each other. They felt better and learned a lesson. They guessed what the radio would say and they said it too.