Sara was miserable. She had a big ouch on her knee from falling down. It was red and wet and hurt a lot. She cried and cried and wanted her mommy.
But her mommy was busy. She had to work on her computer and talk on the phone. She told Sara to be quiet and play with her toys. She gave Sara a band-aid and a kiss and said it would heal soon.
Sara did not want to play with her toys. She wanted her mommy to hug her and make the ouch go away. She looked around her room and saw a spider on the wall. She was scared of spiders. She screamed and ran to her mommy.
Her mommy was angry. She said Sara was being silly and loud. She said spiders were not bad. They were small and harmless and helped to catch flies. She said Sara should not be afraid of them. She said Sara should go back to her room and leave her alone.
Sara felt sad and lonely. She went back to her room and sat on her bed. She looked at the spider again. It was still on the wall. It had eight legs and two eyes and a round body. It did not look scary. It looked lonely too.
Sara decided to be brave. She got up and walked slowly to the wall. She said hello to the spider. The spider did not say anything. It just moved a little. Sara smiled and said her name. She said she had a big ouch on her knee and it hurt a lot. She asked the spider if it ever had an ouch.
The spider nodded. It pointed to a small cut on its leg. It said it got it from a mean cat. It said it hurt a lot too. But it said it would heal soon. It said it had a band-aid and a kiss from its mommy.
Sara felt sorry for the spider. She said she had a band-aid and a kiss from her mommy too. But she said her mommy was busy and did not have time for her. She said she was miserable and wanted a friend.
The spider said it was miserable too. It said it did not have any friends. It said it was scared and lonely. It said it wanted a friend too.
Sara and the spider looked at each other. They saw that they were not so different. They both had ouches and band-aids and kisses. They both wanted friends. They both wanted to be happy.
Sara reached out her hand and touched the spider gently. The spider crawled onto her palm and tickled her fingers. Sara giggled and said it felt funny. The spider smiled and said it felt nice.
Sara and the spider became friends. They played and talked and laughed. They forgot about their ouches and their mommies. They felt happy and not miserable.
They healed each other.