Lily and Ben were playing in the garden. They had a big sack full of toys. They liked to pretend they were knights and princesses. They had a sword, a shield, a crown and a bow and arrow.
"Look, I can shoot the arrow very far!" Ben said. He took the bow and arrow from the sack and aimed at a tree. He pulled the string and let go. The arrow flew through the air and hit the tree with a thud.
"Wow, you are very good!" Lily said. She clapped her hands. She wanted to try too. She took the bow and arrow from Ben and aimed at another tree. She pulled the string and let go. But the arrow did not fly very far. It fell on the ground.
"Oh no, I am not good!" Lily said. She felt sad. She dropped the bow and arrow and ran to the sack. She took out the crown and put it on her head. She said, "I am the princess and you are the knight. You have to protect me from the dragon!"
Ben smiled. He picked up the sword and shield and said, "OK, I am the knight and you are the princess. Where is the dragon?"
Lily pointed to the fence. She said, "There! The dragon is hiding behind the fence. He is big and scary and he wants to eat us!"
Ben ran to the fence. He shouted, "Go away, dragon! You cannot eat us! We are brave and strong!" He banged the sword on the shield and made a loud noise.
Lily watched from the sack. She cheered for Ben. She said, "You are the best knight ever! You can scare away the dragon!"
But then, they heard a growl. It was not the dragon. It was their dog, Rex. Rex had heard the noise and came to see what was going on. He saw the bow and arrow on the ground. He thought they were toys. He ran to them and picked them up with his mouth. He wagged his tail and looked at Lily and Ben.
Lily and Ben saw Rex. They were surprised. They said, "Rex, what are you doing? That is not your toy! That is our bow and arrow!"
Rex did not understand. He thought they wanted to play. He ran away with the bow and arrow. He did not want to give them back.
Lily and Ben chased after Rex. They said, "Rex, come back! Give us our bow and arrow!"
But Rex was faster. He ran around the garden. He had fun. He did not listen to Lily and Ben.
Lily and Ben were troubled. They wanted their bow and arrow back. They did not know how to get them from Rex. They stopped and looked at each other. They said, "What can we do?"