Lily was a nosy girl. She liked to look at everything and ask many questions. She wanted to know what her family was doing all the time. She followed her mom, her dad, and her big brother everywhere.
One night, Lily did not want to sleep. She wanted to see what her family was doing after dark. She sneaked out of her bed and tiptoed to the living room. She saw her mom and dad sitting on the couch, watching a show. She hid behind a chair and watched too.
Then she heard her brother's voice from his room. He was talking to someone on the phone. Lily was curious. She ran to his door and peeked inside. She saw her brother lying on his bed, holding his phone. He was smiling and laughing.
"Who are you talking to?" Lily asked loudly.
Her brother jumped and dropped his phone. He looked at Lily with a frown.
"Lily, what are you doing here? Go back to bed!" he said.
Lily giggled. She liked to make her brother surprised.
"No, I want to know who you are talking to. Is it a friend? Is it a girl?" she asked.
Her brother sighed. He picked up his phone and said, "Sorry, I have to go. My nosy sister is here."
He hung up and turned to Lily.
"Lily, you are being very rude. You can't just barge into my room and listen to my conversations. You have to respect my privacy. Now go back to bed and let me sleep."
Lily pouted. She did not like to be scolded.
"But I want to stay with you. I want to talk to your friend too. I want to have fun," she said.
Her brother shook his head.
"Lily, you can't always have what you want. You have to follow the rules. It's late and you need to sleep. Sleeping is good for you. It helps you grow and learn and dream. Tomorrow you can play with me and my friend, okay?"
Lily thought for a moment. She liked to play with her brother and his friend. She liked to grow and learn and dream. Maybe sleeping was not so bad.
"Okay, fine. I will go to sleep. But you have to give me a hug and a kiss first," she said.
Her brother smiled. He gave Lily a hug and a kiss and said, "Good night, Lily. I love you, even if you are nosy."
Lily smiled back. She said, "Good night, brother. I love you too, even if you are grumpy."
She ran back to her bed and snuggled under her blanket. She closed her eyes and fell asleep. She dreamed of her family and their fun. She was a happy girl.