Lily and Ben were friends. They liked to play with blocks and dolls. One day, Lily wanted to teach Ben how to make a tower with blocks. She said, "Look, Ben, I can show you how to make a tower. It is fun and easy."
Ben nodded and smiled. He liked towers. He followed Lily to the table where the blocks were. Lily picked up a block and put it on the table. She said, "This is the first block. You need to put it on the table. Then you put another block on top of it. Like this." She picked up another block and put it on the first one.
Ben watched and tried to do the same. He picked up a block and put it on the table. But he did not put it on the table well. It fell off the table and hit the floor. Lily frowned and said, "No, Ben, you did it wrong. You have to put it on the table better. Like this." She picked up another block and put it on the table. She said, "See? You have to make it straight and balanced. Then you put another block on top of it. Like this." She picked up another block and put it on the second one.
Ben watched and tried to do the same. He picked up a block and put it on the table. But he did not put it on the table well. It fell off the table and hit the floor. Lily frowned and said, "No, Ben, you did it wrong again. You have to put it on the table better. Like this." She picked up another block and put it on the table. She said, "See? You have to make it straight and balanced. Then you put another block on top of it. Like this." She picked up another block and put it on the third one.
Ben watched and tried to do the same. He picked up a block and put it on the table. But he did not put it on the table well. It fell off the table and hit the floor. Lily got angry and said, "No, Ben, you did it wrong again and again. You are not good at making towers. You are wasting the blocks. You are making a mess. You are a bad friend. I don't want to play with you anymore." She pushed Ben away and took all the blocks. She said, "Go away, Ben. I will make a tower by myself. You can't play with me or my blocks."
Ben felt sad and hurt. He did not understand why Lily was so mean to him. He wanted to play with her and learn how to make a tower. He did not mean to waste the blocks or make a mess. He did not think he was a bad friend. He thought making a tower was difficult. He wished Lily would be nice to him and help him. He cried and ran away. He did not want to play with Lily or blocks anymore. He had no friends. He had a bad day.