Lily and Tom were best friends. They liked to play with their toys and share their snacks. One day, Lily brought a big box to Tom's house. She said, "Look, Tom, I have a surprise for you. This is a very special box. It has something that I value a lot inside."
Tom was curious. He asked, "What is it, Lily? Can I see it?" Lily nodded and opened the box. Inside, there was a soft, brown teddy bear. It had a red bow around its neck and a smile on its face. Lily said, "This is my teddy bear. His name is Brownie. He is very dependable. He always makes me feel happy and safe. I want to give him to you, Tom, because you are my best friend."
Tom was touched. He hugged Lily and said, "Thank you, Lily. You are very kind and generous. I like Brownie very much. He is very cute and cozy. I will take good care of him. He will be my dependable friend, too. Can I give you something that I value, too?"
Lily smiled and said, "Of course, Tom. What do you have for me?" Tom thought for a moment. Then, he ran to his room and came back with a small box. He said, "This is my box. It has something that I value a lot inside. It is a gift from my grandma. She gave it to me on my birthday."
Lily was excited. She asked, "What is it, Tom? Can I see it?" Tom nodded and opened the box. Inside, there was a shiny, silver necklace. It had a heart-shaped pendant and a clasp. Tom said, "This is my necklace. It is very precious. It has my name and my grandma's name engraved on the heart. She said it is a symbol of our love. I want to give it to you, Lily, because you are my best friend."
Lily was amazed. She hugged Tom and said, "Thank you, Tom. You are very brave and sweet. I love the necklace. It is very beautiful and special. I will wear it every day. It will remind me of you and your grandma. You are my precious friend, too."
They both smiled and put on their gifts. They held hands and said, "We are best friends. We value each other. We have dependable gifts. We are happy." Then, they went to play with Brownie and the necklace. They had a lot of fun. They were very lucky.