Lily and her mom moved to a new house. Lily was shy and did not like new things. She missed her old room and her old friends. She did not want to unpack her toys and books. She just wanted to hug her teddy bear and hide under the bed.
Mom saw that Lily was sad and worried. She said, "Lily, I know you are shy and you miss your old house. But this is our new home and we can make it nice and cozy. Why don't you help me unpack your things and we can decorate your room together? Maybe you will find some new friends here too."
Lily did not say anything. She was still scared and unhappy. Mom smiled and said, "How about we start with your teddy bear? He looks lonely in the box. Let's find him a good spot on your bed. Maybe he can keep you company while we unpack the rest of your things."
Mom took the teddy bear out of the box and put him on Lily's bed. She gave him a kiss and said, "There you go, teddy. You are safe and warm here. Lily loves you very much." Lily looked at her teddy bear and felt a little better. She got out of the bed and hugged him. She said, "I love you, teddy. You are my best friend."
Mom was happy to see Lily smile. She said, "That's my girl. Come on, let's unpack some more. I bet you have some other toys and books that you love too. Let's see what we can find." Lily nodded and followed her mom. She helped her unpack her things and put them in her new room. She saw some of her favorite things, like her doll, her puzzle, and her crayons. She felt more at home and less shy. She said, "Mom, thank you for helping me unpack. I like my new room. It is pretty and cozy."
Mom hugged Lily and said, "You're welcome, sweetie. I'm proud of you for being brave and helpful. I like your new room too. It is perfect for you. And don't worry, you will make new friends soon. You are a wonderful and kind girl. Everyone will love you." Lily smiled and said, "I love you, mom. You are the best mom ever." Mom kissed Lily and said, "I love you too, Lily. You are the best daughter ever." They cuddled on the bed with the teddy bear and felt happy and cozy.