Lily liked to play with her toys, but she did not like to share them with her brother Ben. She had many toys, but she always wanted the ones that Ben had. She would grab them from him and say, "Mine!" Ben would cry and frown, but Lily did not care.
One day, Mom and Dad gave Ben a new toy. It was a big, shiny truck that made noises and moved by itself. Lily wanted it very much, but Ben did not let her have it. He said, "No, this is mine! You have your own toys!" Lily was angry and tried to take it from him, but Ben held on tight. They pulled and pushed, and the truck fell to the floor. It broke into pieces and stopped making noises. Ben and Lily were both sad and shocked.
Mom and Dad heard the noise and came to see what happened. They saw the broken truck and the unhappy children. They were not pleased. They said, "Lily, why did you try to take Ben's toy? You have so many toys, but you are not happy. You are selfish and greedy. You made Ben frown and broke his toy. That was not nice. Ben, why did you not share your toy with Lily? You have a new toy, but you are not happy. You are stingy and mean. You made Lily frown and lost your toy. That was not nice. You both need to learn to share and be kind. Sharing is caring. Sharing makes you happy. Sharing is true."
They took away all the toys from Ben and Lily and put them in a box. They said, "You will not have any toys until you say sorry to each other and promise to share and be kind. You will only have one toy to play with together. It is a dull, old ball. Maybe you will learn to appreciate what you have and not want what you do not have."
Ben and Lily looked at the dull, old ball. They did not like it. They wanted their toys back. But they also wanted to make Mom and Dad happy. They felt sorry for what they did. They said sorry to each other and hugged. They said, "We will share and be kind. We will not make each other frown. We will make each other happy. We will be true."
Mom and Dad smiled and praised them. They said, "That is good. We are proud of you. You have learned a valuable lesson. You can have your toys back, but you must share them and be kind. You will have more fun and joy that way. You will also have more friends and love that way. Remember, sharing is caring. Sharing makes you happy. Sharing is true."
Ben and Lily nodded and thanked them. They took their toys and played with them together. They also played with the dull, old ball. They found out that it was not so dull after all. They could roll it, bounce it, kick it, and throw it. They could make up games and stories with it. They could laugh and have fun with it. They shared it and were kind. They did not frown. They were happy. They were true.