Ben and Lily were playing in the garden. They liked to dig and find shiny things. Sometimes they found coins, sometimes they found buttons, sometimes they found rocks.
One day, they found something very shiny and round. It was silver and had a picture of a man on it. Ben said, "Wow, this is a big coin! Maybe we can buy candy with it!"
Lily said, "No, Ben, this is not a coin. This is a medal. My grandpa has one like this. He said he got it from a war. He said it is very special and we should not lose it."
Ben did not care. He wanted candy. He said, "I don't care. It is mine. I found it. I want candy."
Lily said, "No, Ben, it is ours. We found it together. We should share it. Or we should give it to grandpa. He will be happy."
Ben and Lily started to fight. They pulled and tugged and shouted. They did not see the big dog that came into the garden. The dog saw the silver medal and wanted it too. He barked and ran towards them.
Ben and Lily were scared. They let go of the medal and ran away. The dog grabbed the medal and ran away too. He thought it was a toy.
Ben and Lily cried. They lost their shiny thing. They wished they had not fought. They wished they had listened to Lily.
Grandpa came out and saw them. He asked them what happened. They told him about the silver medal and the dog. Grandpa said, "Oh, no, that was my medal. I got it from a war. It was very special to me. I was going to give it to you when you were older."
Ben and Lily felt sorry. They said, "We are sorry, grandpa. We did not know. We were greedy and silly. We will find the dog and get your medal back."
Grandpa said, "Don't worry, my dears. It is just a thing. You are more important to me. But maybe you can learn something from this. Sometimes you have to yield and share. Sometimes you have to be kind and respectful. Sometimes you have to think of others before yourself."
Ben and Lily nodded. They hugged grandpa and said, "We love you, grandpa. We will try to be better."
Grandpa smiled and said, "I love you too, my dears. Now, how about some cookies? I made them with spicy ginger. They are very yummy."
Ben and Lily said, "Yes, please, grandpa. We love your cookies. They are the best."
They went inside and ate the cookies. They were spicy and sweet. They forgot about the silver medal and the dog. They were happy.