Tom liked to play with his birdcage. He had a yellow bird inside that sang to him. He named the bird Sunny. Tom wanted to show Sunny to his friend Lily, who lived next door. He put on his shoes and lifted the birdcage with both hands. He walked out of his house and across the street.
"Look, Lily, this is my bird Sunny!" Tom said, holding the birdcage in front of him. "He can sing very well. Do you want to hear him?"
Lily nodded and smiled. She liked birds too. She reached out to touch the birdcage, but Tom pulled it away. "No, you can't touch him. He is mine. Only I can touch him," Tom said, feeling jealous.
Lily felt sad and angry. She wanted to touch the bird too. She thought Tom was being mean. She decided to play a trick on him. She said, "Okay, Tom, I won't touch him. But can you do something for me? Can you spin around with the birdcage very fast? I want to see how Sunny likes it."
Tom thought that sounded like fun. He liked to spin around and feel dizzy. He said, "Okay, Lily, I will do it. Watch me!" He started to spin around with the birdcage, faster and faster. He felt the wind in his hair and the sun in his eyes. He laughed and said, "Look, Lily, I am spinning! Sunny is spinning too!"
Lily watched him and waited for the right moment. When Tom was very dizzy, she said, "Now, Tom, let go of the birdcage! Throw it in the air! Sunny will fly and be happy!"
Tom was too dizzy to think. He did what Lily said. He let go of the birdcage and threw it in the air. He saw the birdcage fly up and then fall down. He heard a loud crash and a sad squeak. He stopped spinning and looked at the ground. He saw the birdcage broken and Sunny lying still. He felt a pain in his chest and tears in his eyes. He had killed his bird.
Lily saw what happened and felt sorry. She didn't mean to hurt Sunny. She only wanted to make Tom share. She ran to Tom and said, "I'm sorry, Tom, I'm sorry. I didn't know it would break. I didn't know Sunny would die. Please forgive me."
But Tom didn't hear her. He was too sad and angry. He pushed her away and ran to his house. He locked the door and cried. He hated Lily. He hated himself. He wished he could have Sunny back. But he couldn't. Sunny was gone. And so was his friend.