Lila was a girl who liked to comb her hair. She had a pink comb that she always carried with her. She liked to make her hair smooth and shiny.
One day, she went to the park with her mom. She saw a boy who was playing with a ball. He had curly hair that was messy and tangled. Lila wanted to comb his hair.
She walked up to him and said, "Hi, I'm Lila. Can I comb your hair?"
The boy looked at her and said, "No, thank you. I like my hair this way."
But Lila was persistent. She said, "Please, let me comb your hair. It will look nicer."
The boy said, "No, thank you. I don't want to comb my hair."
Lila did not give up. She said, "Please, please, please. Just one time. It will not hurt."
The boy said, "No, thank you. Go away."
Lila was sad. She did not understand why the boy did not want to comb his hair. She thought he was rude. She went back to her mom and told her what happened.
Her mom hugged her and said, "Lila, you have to respect other people's choices. Not everyone likes to comb their hair. Maybe the boy likes his hair curly and messy. You can't force him to do what you want. You have to ask nicely and accept his answer."
Lila nodded. She understood. She said, "I'm sorry, mom. I was just trying to be nice."
Her mom smiled and said, "I know, Lila. You are a kind and helpful girl. But sometimes, you have to let people be themselves. Maybe you can find someone else who likes to comb their hair. Or you can play with something else."
Lila agreed. She put her pink comb in her pocket and looked around the park. She saw a girl who had long and straight hair. She also had a comb in her hand. Lila smiled and ran to her. She said, "Hi, I'm Lila. Do you want to comb our hair together?"
The girl smiled and said, "Yes, I do. I'm Mia. I love to comb my hair."
Lila and Mia became friends. They combed their hair and talked and laughed. They had fun. Lila was happy. She learned that she could meet new people who liked different things. She also learned that she could be persistent, but not pushy. She was a good girl.