Ben and Lily were playing a game with their toys. They had a lot of fun making noises and pretending to be animals. Ben was a lion and Lily was a zebra. They chased each other around the room and laughed.
"Roar!" Ben said. "I am the king of the jungle and I will catch you, zebra!"
"Neigh!" Lily said. "You can't catch me, lion! I am too fast and smart!"
They ran and ran until they were very tired. They decided to take a nap on the couch. They cuddled with their toys and closed their eyes.
But Ben was not very sleepy. He opened his eyes and saw Lily's toy zebra next to him. He had an idea. He was careless and did not think about how Lily would feel. He grabbed the toy zebra and hid it under the pillow. He thought it would be funny to see Lily's face when she woke up and could not find her toy.
He smiled and closed his eyes again. He waited for Lily to wake up.
But Lily did not wake up for a long time. She was very sleepy and had a nice dream. She dreamed that she was a real zebra and ran in the grass with her friends. She was happy and free.
When she woke up, she stretched and yawned. She looked for her toy zebra, but she could not see it. She felt sad and scared. She thought she lost her toy.
"Ben, Ben, where is my toy zebra?" she asked. "Did you see it?"
Ben opened his eyes and pretended to be surprised. He looked around and said, "No, I don't see it. Maybe it ran away."
Lily started to cry. She loved her toy zebra very much. She thought it was her best friend. She felt alone and hurt.
Ben saw Lily's tears and felt bad. He realized that he was careless and mean. He did not want to make Lily cry. He wanted to make her happy.
He said, "I'm sorry, Lily. I was just playing a game. I have your toy zebra. Here it is." He gave her the toy zebra from under the pillow.
Lily stopped crying and hugged her toy zebra. She was glad to have it back. She looked at Ben and said, "Thank you, Ben. But don't do that again. It was not a nice game. It was a bad game. It made me sad."
Ben nodded and said, "I'm sorry, Lily. You are right. It was a bad game. I will not do that again. I will be nice to you and your toy zebra. Can we still be friends?"
Lily smiled and said, "Yes, we can still be friends. But you have to be careful and kind. And you have to share your toys with me."
Ben smiled and said, "OK, I will. And you have to share your toys with me too."
They hugged and said, "We are friends."
They decided to play another game with their toys. They had a lot of fun making noises and pretending to be animals. But this time, they were careful and kind. They shared their toys and did not hide them. They were happy.