Sara and Ben were twins who liked to play in the backyard. One day, they saw a big package on the porch. They ran to see what was inside.
"Maybe it is a toy for us!" Sara said.
"Or a cake!" Ben said.
They opened the package and discovered a red sweater and a blue hat. They were for their grandma, who lived far away.
"That is not fun!" Sara said. She threw the sweater on the ground.
"That is not yummy!" Ben said. He tossed the hat in the air.
They ran away to find something else to play with.
But the sun was very hot that day. The sweater and the hat got very hot too. They started to smell bad and smoke.
Sara and Ben smelled the smoke and saw the fire. They were scared and ran to their mom.
"Mom, mom, help!" they cried. "The package is on fire!"
Mom came and put out the fire with water. She was angry and sad.
"What did you do?" she asked. "That was a gift for your grandma. She is sick and cold. She needs the sweater and the hat to keep warm. You were very naughty and selfish. You ruined the gift and almost burned the house."
Sara and Ben felt sorry and ashamed. They hugged their mom and said they were sorry.
"We are sorry, mom. We did not know. We wanted to play. We did not think about grandma."
Mom hugged them back and said she forgave them. But she said they had to learn a lesson.
"Playing is good, but you have to be careful and respectful. You have to think about others and not just yourself. You have to be grateful for what you have and share with those who have less. That is what grandma taught me, and that is what I want to teach you."
Sara and Ben nodded and said they understood. They asked mom if they could make a new gift for grandma.
Mom smiled and said yes. She helped them make a card and a drawing. They wrote "We love you, grandma" and "We are sorry, grandma" on the card. They drew a picture of them with grandma, wearing the sweater and the hat.
They put the card and the drawing in a new package and sent it to grandma. They hoped she would like it and feel better.
They learned to discover the joy of giving and the value of kindness.