Sara loves to play outside with her friends. She likes to run, jump, and slide on the grass. But today, her mom says she has to wear a dress. A dress that is pink and frilly and dry.
"No, no, no!" Sara says. "I don't want to wear a dress. I want to wear my jeans and t-shirt. They are comfy and soft and wet."
"Sara, you have to wear a dress today. We are going to visit grandma and she likes to see you in a dress. It is a nice dress. You look pretty in it." Mom says.
"But mom, I don't like dresses. They are scratchy and tight and dry. They make me itch and sweat and cry. I want to wear my jeans and t-shirt. They are cozy and loose and wet. They make me happy and cool and smile." Sara says.
"Sara, you are being silly. You can't wear wet clothes. They will make you sick and cold and sad. You have to wear dry clothes. They will make you healthy and warm and glad. Now, please, put on your dress. It is not that bad." Mom says.
Sara refuses to put on her dress. She crosses her arms and pouts her lips. She shakes her head and stamps her feet. She says, "No, no, no!"
Mom sighs and says, "Sara, you are making this hard for both of us. If you don't wear your dress, we can't go to see grandma. And she will be very sad. She loves you very much and she wants to hug you and give you a cookie. Don't you want to hug grandma and have a cookie?"
Sara thinks for a moment. She loves grandma and she loves cookies. But she hates dresses. She looks at mom and says, "Can I wear my jeans and t-shirt under my dress?"
Mom smiles and says, "Yes, you can. That is a good idea. You can wear your jeans and t-shirt under your dress. And when we get to grandma's house, you can take off your dress and play outside with your friends. How does that sound?"
Sara smiles and says, "That sounds good. Thank you, mom. I will wear my dress. But only for a little while."
Mom hugs Sara and says, "You are welcome, Sara. I am proud of you. You are a good girl. Now, let's go and see grandma. She is waiting for us."
Sara nods and says, "Okay, mom. Let's go. But first, can I have a cookie?"