Ben liked to ride his bike. He had a red bike with two big wheels and a bell. He always wore his helmet when he rode his bike. His helmet was blue and had a star on it. His helmet kept his head safe.
One day, Ben wanted to ride his bike to the park. He asked his mom if he could go. His mom said yes, but he had to be back before lunch. She gave him a hug and a kiss and told him to have fun. Ben put on his helmet and got on his bike. He was very happy.
He rode his bike along the sidewalk, past the houses and the trees. He saw some birds and some dogs and some cars. He rang his bell and waved to the people he met. He was having a lot of fun.
He got to the park and saw some other kids playing. He parked his bike near a bench and took off his helmet. He put his helmet on the bench and ran to join the kids. They played on the swings and the slide and the sandbox. They laughed and shouted and had a good time.
But Ben forgot about his helmet. He left it on the bench. He did not see a big dog come by and sniff his helmet. The dog liked the smell of Ben's helmet. He picked it up with his mouth and ran away. He chewed and bit and tore Ben's helmet. He spoiled Ben's helmet.
When Ben was done playing, he said goodbye to the kids and went back to his bike. He looked for his helmet, but he could not find it. He saw some pieces of his helmet on the ground. He saw some teeth marks and some drool on his helmet. He felt very sad. His helmet was spoiled.
He picked up his helmet and got on his bike. He rode his bike back home. He was not happy. He did not ring his bell or wave to the people. He got home and showed his mom his helmet. His mom saw his helmet and felt sorry for him. She hugged him and said she was sorry. She said she would get him a new helmet. She said there were many helmets available at the store. She said he could pick one he liked. She said she loved him.
Ben felt a little better. He thanked his mom and said he loved her too. He hoped he would find a new helmet soon. He hoped it would be blue and have a star on it. He hoped no dog would spoil it. He learned to always keep his helmet with him when he rode his bike. He still liked to ride his bike. He was a good boy.