Tim and Anna were twins who liked to play in their room at night. They had a flashlight that their dad gave them. It was an ordinary flashlight, but they pretended it was a magic wand or a laser gun.
One night, they heard a loud noise outside their window. They were scared and curious. They grabbed their flashlight and ran to the window. They saw a big truck with a lot of boxes. Some men were taking the boxes out of the truck and into the house next door.
"Who are they?" Tim asked.
"Maybe they are new neighbors," Anna said.
"Maybe they are robbers," Tim said.
"Maybe they are aliens," Anna said.
They wanted to see more, but it was too dark. They turned on their flashlight and pointed it at the truck. The flashlight beam was bright and strong. It caught the attention of one of the men.
"Hey, what are you doing?" the man shouted. He looked angry and mean.
Tim and Anna were scared and sorry. They turned off their flashlight and hid under their bed. They hoped the man would not come to their house.
They heard the man knock on their door. They heard their dad open the door. They heard the man say something. They heard their dad say something. They heard the man say sorry. They heard their dad say it was okay. They heard the door close.
They peeked out from under their bed. They saw their dad come into their room. He smiled and hugged them.
"It's okay, kids. They are not robbers or aliens. They are just movers. They are bringing furniture and stuff for the new family next door. They didn't mean to scare you. They were just surprised by your flashlight," he said.
Tim and Anna felt relieved and embarrassed. They said sorry to their dad. He said it was okay. He said they should be careful with their flashlight. He said they should be nice to their new neighbors. He said he loved them. He said good night. He turned off the light and left.
Tim and Anna snuggled in their bed. They still had their flashlight. They decided to keep it as a secret toy. They whispered to each other. They made up stories about the new family next door. They wondered if they had any kids. They wondered if they would be friends. They fell asleep with their flashlight in their hands. It was an ordinary flashlight, but it made their night extraordinary.