Sam was a clever boy who liked to observe things. He liked to watch the birds in the sky, the cars on the road, and the people in the park. He also liked to listen to the sounds they made and try to copy them.
One day, he found a telephone in his mom's room. He had seen his mom use it to talk to other people, but he did not know how it worked. He picked it up and pressed some buttons. He heard a beep and then a voice.
"Hello, this is the police. What is your emergency?" the voice said.
Sam was surprised and curious. He did not know what an emergency was, but he wanted to talk to the voice. He said, "Hi, I am Sam. I like to observe things. Do you like to observe things too?"
The voice sounded confused and asked, "Sam, where are you? Where is your mom? Is everything okay?"
Sam did not understand the questions. He said, "I am in my mom's room. She is in the kitchen. Everything is okay. I just want to talk to you. You have a nice voice."
The voice said, "Sam, this is not a toy. This is a telephone for emergencies. You should not call the police unless you need help. Please give the phone to your mom."
Sam did not want to stop talking. He said, "But I like you. You are my friend. Can we talk some more?"
The voice said, "No, Sam, we can't. You have to hang up the phone now. Please, Sam, this is important."
Sam was sad and disappointed. He did not want to hang up the phone. He wanted to keep talking to his friend. He said, "But why? Why can't we talk?"
The voice said, "Because there are other people who need the police. They have real emergencies. They are in danger or in trouble. They need our help. You don't need our help, Sam. You are a clever boy who likes to observe things. You should observe your mom and do what she says. She will tell you when you can use the phone and who you can talk to. Okay, Sam?"
Sam thought about it. He realized that the voice was right. He did not need the police. He did not have an emergency. He had a mom who loved him and cared for him. He said, "Okay, I understand. I am sorry. I will hang up the phone now. Goodbye, friend."
The voice said, "Goodbye, Sam. Be good and be safe."
Sam hung up the phone and put it back in his mom's room. He went to the kitchen and hugged his mom. He said, "Mom, I love you. You are the best."
His mom smiled and hugged him back. She said, "I love you too, Sam. You are the best. But what were you doing in my room?"
Sam said, "I was observing the telephone. But I won't do it again. I promise."
His mom said, "That's good, Sam. Because the telephone is not for observing. It is for calling. And you should only call the people I tell you to call. Do you understand?"
Sam nodded and said, "Yes, mom. I understand."
His mom said, "Good. Now, how about we observe something else? How about we observe the cookies I baked for you?"
Sam's eyes lit up and he said, "Yes, mom. I love cookies. Let's observe them. And then let's eat them."
His mom laughed and said, "That's a great idea, Sam. Come on, let's go."
They went to the table and observed the cookies. They were round and brown and smelled good. They ate them and enjoyed them. They were happy and content. They did not need the telephone. They had each other.