Lily and Ben went to the park with Mom. They saw a pond with many ducks. Lily and Ben liked to feed the ducks with bread. Mom gave them some bread and said, "Be generous and share with the ducks. They are hungry and friendly."
Lily and Ben threw some bread into the pond. The ducks came closer and ate the bread. They quacked and splashed. Lily and Ben laughed and clapped. They threw more bread and the ducks ate more. One duck was very big and greedy. He ate more bread than the others. He pushed and pecked the other ducks. Lily and Ben did not like the big duck. They said, "Stop it, big duck! You are not nice. You have to share with the other ducks."
The big duck did not listen. He ate all the bread that Lily and Ben threw. He wanted more bread. He saw that Lily had some bread in her hand. He swam fast and jumped out of the pond. He tried to grab the bread from Lily. Lily was scared and screamed. She dropped the bread and ran to Mom. The big duck got the bread and ate it. He was happy and quacked loudly.
But then something strange happened. The big duck started to feel funny. His tummy hurt. He felt sick. He looked at the bread. It was not bread. It was soap. Mom had given Lily and Ben some soap to wash their hands. Lily had forgotten to wash her hands and had kept the soap in her hand. The big duck had eaten the soap by mistake.
The soap made the big duck feel very bad. He felt bubbles in his mouth. He opened his mouth and spat out bubbles. The bubbles flew in the air. They were big and shiny. The other ducks saw the bubbles and were curious. They chased the bubbles and tried to catch them. They had fun with the bubbles.
The big duck felt more bubbles in his mouth. He spat out more bubbles. The bubbles flew higher and higher. They covered the big duck. The big duck could not see anything. He could not breathe. He could not quack. He was trapped in the bubbles.
Lily and Ben saw the big duck disappear in the bubbles. They were surprised and happy. They said, "Bye bye, big duck! You were greedy and mean. You ate the soap and made bubbles. The bubbles took you away. You learned your lesson. You have to be generous and share with the other ducks."
Mom hugged Lily and Ben and said, "You are right, my darlings. You have to be generous and share with others. That is how you make friends and have fun. The big duck was selfish and rude. He ate the soap and made bubbles. The bubbles were his punishment. He disappeared in the bubbles. Maybe he will come back someday. Maybe he will be nicer then. But for now, let's enjoy the park and the ducks. They are hungry and friendly. Let's give them some real bread and make them happy."