Tom likes to play with cars. He has many cars of different colors and sizes. He makes them speed on the floor and makes noises like vroom and beep. He likes to pretend he is a driver and goes to different places.
One day, his mom tells him he has a tutor. A tutor is someone who helps you learn new things. Tom is not sure if he likes the idea of a tutor. He wants to play with his cars. He asks his mom, "Why do I need a tutor?"
His mom says, "You need a tutor because you are going to start school soon. The tutor will help you learn letters and numbers and other things that you will need in school. It will be fun, I promise."
Tom is not convinced. He thinks learning letters and numbers is boring. He thinks school is scary. He does not want to leave his cars. He says, "But I like my cars. I don't want to learn letters and numbers. I don't want to go to school."
His mom says, "I know you like your cars, but you can still play with them after the tutor. And learning letters and numbers is not boring, it is exciting. You can use them to read and write and do math and make stories. And school is not scary, it is a place where you can make friends and have fun and discover new things. Trust me, you will like it."
Tom is still doubtful. He does not want to try something new. He wants to stay with what he knows. He says, "But I don't know the tutor. What if he is mean? What if he makes me do hard things? What if he takes away my cars?"
His mom says, "The tutor is not mean, he is very nice. His name is Ben and he likes cars too. He will not make you do hard things, he will help you do easy things. He will not take away your cars, he will bring his own cars and share them with you. You will have a lot of fun with him, I promise."
Tom is curious. He wonders if the tutor really likes cars. He wonders what kind of cars he has. He wonders if he can speed with him. He says, "OK, I will try the tutor. But only if he brings his cars and lets me speed with him."
His mom says, "Deal. He will be here soon. Why don't you get your cars ready and show him your favorite ones?"
Tom nods. He runs to his room and picks up his cars. He feels a little nervous, but also a little excited. He thinks maybe the tutor will not be so bad. He thinks maybe he will learn something new. He thinks maybe he will make a new friend. He hopes the tutor will like his cars. He hopes he will have fun. He hopes he will be comfortable.