Lily and Ben were playing pirates in the garden. They had a big chest full of toys and pretended it was their treasure. They hid it under a bush and made a map to find it again.
"Arrr, matey, this is the best treasure ever!" Ben said, holding a shiny necklace.
"Shh, don't let anyone hear you, or they will try to steal it!" Lily said, putting a hat on her head.
They ran around the garden, looking for more things to add to their chest. They found some rocks, some flowers, some sticks and some feathers. They were having a lot of fun.
But then, they heard a loud bark. It was Max, the big dog from next door. He had jumped over the fence and was running towards them.
"Run, run, he's coming!" Lily shouted, grabbing Ben's hand.
They ran as fast as they could, but they forgot to take their map with them. They left it on the ground, next to the bush.
Max saw the map and sniffed it. He thought it was a toy and picked it up with his mouth. He wagged his tail and ran away with it.
Lily and Ben reached the other side of the garden and looked back. They saw Max with their map and gasped.
"Oh no, he has our map! How will we find our chest now?" Ben said, feeling sad.
"We have to get it back! Come on, let's follow him!" Lily said, feeling brave.
They ran after Max, but he was too fast and too clever. He ran around the fence, under the table, behind the tree and into his house. He dropped the map on his bed and lay down on it.
Lily and Ben tried to catch him, but they could not get in. The door was closed and the window was too high. They knocked and shouted, but no one answered.
They sat on the steps and looked at each other. They were both pale and tired. They had lost their map and their chest.
They felt like crying, but then they heard a voice.
"Hey, kids, what are you doing here?" It was Mr. Jones, Max's owner. He had come back from work and saw them on his porch.
"Mr. Jones, please, can we have our map back? Max took it and we can't find our chest!" Lily said, pointing at the window.
"Your map? What map?" Mr. Jones said, looking confused.
He opened the door and went inside. He saw Max on his bed, with a piece of paper in his mouth. He took it and looked at it.
"Is this your map?" He said, showing it to Lily and Ben.
They nodded and smiled. They were so happy to see their map again.
"Thank you, thank you, Mr. Jones!" They said, taking the map from him.
"You're welcome, kids. But what is this map for?" He asked, curious.
"It's for our treasure, our chest full of toys. We hid it under a bush, but we forgot where. Can we show you?" Lily said, holding his hand.
"Sure, why not. Let's go and see your treasure." He said, smiling.
He followed them to the garden, where they found the bush and the chest. They opened it and showed him their toys.
"Wow, this is a very nice treasure. You have a lot of imagination, kids." He said, admiring their collection.
"Thank you, Mr. Jones. Do you want to play pirates with us?" Ben said, offering him a hat.
"Maybe another time, kids. I have to go and feed Max. But you can keep playing, as long as you don't lose your map again." He said, winking.
He went back to his house, leaving Lily and Ben with their chest. They hugged each other and laughed.
They had found their map and their chest. They had not lost their treasure. They had gained a friend.