Lily liked to play princess. She had a pink dress, a shiny crown, and a wand. She liked to pretend that she was the ruler of a big castle and that everyone had to do what she said.
One day, she wanted to play princess with her brother Max. But Max did not want to play princess. He wanted to play cars. He had a lot of cars, big and small, red and blue, fast and slow. He liked to make them zoom and crash and honk.
"Come on, Max, play princess with me," Lily said. "You can be my prince and I can be your princess. We can have a tea party and dance and sing."
"No, Lily, I don't want to play princess," Max said. "I want to play cars. You can play cars with me. You can have this gray car. It is very cool and strong."
Lily did not like the gray car. She thought it was boring and ugly. She wanted Max to play princess with her. She insisted.
"Please, Max, please, play princess with me. It is more fun than cars. I will let you wear my crown and use my wand. Please, please, please."
Max did not like to wear a crown or use a wand. He thought they were silly and girly. He wanted Lily to play cars with him. He insisted.
"No, Lily, no, play cars with me. It is more fun than princess. I will let you drive my red car and make it go fast. No, no, no."
Lily and Max could not agree. They both insisted. They started to argue and shout and cry. They made a lot of noise and mess.
Their mom heard them and came to see what was wrong. She saw Lily and Max fighting over the gray car and the pink dress. She was not happy.
"Stop, stop, stop," she said. "What are you doing? Why are you fighting? You are supposed to share and play nicely."
Lily and Max looked at their mom. They felt sorry. They did not want to make her angry or sad.
"We are sorry, mom," they said. "We wanted to play different things. Lily wanted to play princess and I wanted to play cars. We both insisted."
Mom smiled and hugged them. She had an idea.
"Why don't you play both?" she said. "You can take turns and try each other's games. Maybe you will find something new and fun. How about that?"
Lily and Max thought about it. They decided to give it a try. They said sorry to each other and hugged. They agreed to play both.
First, they played princess. Lily showed Max how to wear the crown and use the wand. Max showed Lily how to have a tea party and dance and sing. They had fun.
Then, they played cars. Max showed Lily how to drive the red car and make it go fast. Lily showed Max how to make the gray car zoom and crash and honk. They had fun.
They played both until it was time for dinner. They thanked their mom for the idea. They learned that sometimes it is good to try new things and not to insist. They were happy.