Lily and Sam were at the beach with their mom and dad. They liked to play in the sand and make castles and tunnels. They also liked to splash in the water and look for shells and fish.
One day, they saw a big boat on the water. It had a colorful flag and a big net. Lily and Sam wondered what the boat was doing.
"Look, mom, look, dad, what is that boat?" Lily asked.
"That boat is fishing, honey. They are trying to get some fish to eat or sell," mom said.
"Can we go and see the fish?" Sam asked.
"Maybe later, sweetie. The boat is too far and we have to be careful in the water," dad said.
Lily and Sam nodded and went back to their sand castle. They pretended that the boat was a pirate ship and that they had to defend their castle from the pirates.
Suddenly, they heard a loud splash and a scream. They looked at the water and saw a big, gray shark jumping out of the net. The shark had sharp teeth and a scary fin. The people on the boat were scared and tried to get away from the shark.
"Wow, look, a shark!" Lily said.
"Wow, it's so big and scary!" Sam said.
"Come here, kids, come here!" mom and dad called. They ran to the water and grabbed Lily and Sam. They hugged them and took them away from the water.
"Are you okay, kids? That was a very dangerous shark. You have to be very careful in the water. Sharks can hurt you," mom said.
"We're okay, mom. We were just looking. The shark was very big and scary, but also very colorful. It had blue and yellow spots on its skin," Lily said.
"Really? That's very rare. That shark must be very special. Maybe it escaped from a zoo or a circus," dad said.
"Can we go and see the shark again?" Sam asked.
"No, honey, we can't. The shark is gone now. And we have to stay away from the water. It's not safe. Let's go and have some ice cream instead," mom said.
"Okay, mom. Ice cream sounds good. But the shark was very cool," Sam said.
Lily and Sam followed their mom and dad to the ice cream truck. They forgot about the shark and enjoyed their ice cream. They still liked the beach, but they learned to be careful in the water. They never saw the colorful shark again.