Lily and Tom were playing with blocks in the living room. They liked to build towers and bridges and castles. They had many blocks of different colors and shapes.
"Look, Lily, I made a big tower!" Tom said, showing his creation to his sister. "It is taller than you!"
"Wow, Tom, that is a nice tower!" Lily said, clapping her hands. "Can I help you make it bigger?"
"Sure, Lily, you are very polite. You can use the blue blocks. They are my favorite." Tom said, handing her some blocks.
Lily and Tom worked together to add more blocks to the tower. They were having fun and laughing. But then, something bad happened. Lily reached for a block on the top of the tower, but she knocked down some other blocks by accident. The tower started to wobble and fall.
"Oh no, Lily, watch out!" Tom shouted, as the blocks came crashing down. He tried to catch some of them, but one block hit his finger hard. He felt a sharp pain and started to cry.
Lily saw Tom crying and holding his finger. She felt sorry and scared. She did not mean to hurt him or break his tower. She started to panic. She did not know what to do.
"Tom, Tom, I am sorry, I am sorry!" Lily said, running to him and hugging him. "Are you okay? Does your finger hurt?"
Tom looked at his finger. It was red and swollen. It hurt a lot. But he saw Lily's face. She was sorry and scared. He did not want to make her feel worse. He tried to be brave and calm.
"It's okay, Lily, it was an accident. My finger hurts, but it will be better soon. Don't panic, don't panic." Tom said, wiping his tears. "You are a good sister. I still love you."
Lily smiled and kissed his finger. She was glad that Tom was not angry with her. She still loved him too.
"Thank you, Tom, you are a good brother. I love you too." Lily said, holding his hand. "Let's go and tell Mom. Maybe she can help your finger. And then we can play with the blocks again. But more careful this time."
"Okay, Lily, let's go." Tom said, nodding his head. "And maybe we can use some other blocks. Not the blue ones. They are too hard."
Lily and Tom walked to the kitchen, where Mom was making cookies. They told her what happened and showed her Tom's finger. Mom was kind and gentle. She put some ice and a bandage on his finger. She gave them both a hug and a cookie. She said they were good kids and she was proud of them.
Lily and Tom felt better. They thanked Mom and went back to the living room. They played with the blocks again. But this time, they used the yellow and green ones. They were softer and nicer. They made a new tower. And they were happy.