Lily and Ben were friends who liked to play together. One day, they went to Ben's house, which was very big and had many things. Ben's parents were rich and had a lot of books on a bookshelf in the living room.
"Look at all these books!" Lily said. "Can we read some of them?"
"Sure, but be careful. Some of them are old and fragile," Ben said. "My mom says they are very valuable and we should not touch them too much."
They picked some books and sat on the couch. They looked at the pictures and tried to read the words. They had fun for a while, but then they got bored.
"Let's do something else," Ben said. "Do you want to cook something in the kitchen?"
"Okay, that sounds fun," Lily said. "What can we cook?"
They went to the kitchen and looked for ingredients. They found some eggs, cheese, bread, butter, and jam. They decided to make some sandwiches and scrambled eggs.
They turned on the stove and put a pan on it. They cracked some eggs and poured them into the pan. They added some cheese and salt. They stirred the eggs with a spoon.
They also put some bread in the toaster and some butter and jam on the table. They were very excited to eat their food.
But they did not pay attention to the stove. The eggs started to burn and smoke. The smoke alarm went off and made a loud noise. Ben and Lily got scared and ran out of the kitchen.
They did not see that the smoke also reached the living room. The smoke made the books on the bookshelf catch fire. The fire spread quickly and soon the whole room was in flames.
Ben's mom and dad came home and saw the fire. They called the firemen and tried to put out the fire. They were very angry and sad. They lost many of their books and some of their furniture.
They also scolded Ben and Lily for being careless and dangerous. They told them to never come to their house again. They said they were not friends anymore.
Ben and Lily cried and said they were sorry. But it was too late. They had ruined everything. They had no more books, no more food, and no more friends. They had a very bad day.