Anna and Ben like to play with their toy boats in the bath. They have many boats of different colors and sizes. Anna has a big navy boat that she got for her birthday. Ben has a small red boat that he got from his grandma.
One day, they decide to have a race with their boats. They fill the bath with water and soap bubbles. They put their boats at one end of the bath and say "Ready, set, go!" They blow on their boats to make them move.
Anna's navy boat is very fast and strong. It cuts through the water and the bubbles. Ben's red boat is slower and lighter. It bounces on the waves and gets stuck in the foam.
Anna sees that her boat is winning. She is happy and proud. She says "Look, my navy boat is the best! It is very important and powerful!"
Ben sees that his boat is losing. He is sad and angry. He says "No, my red boat is the best! It is very fun and cute!"
They start to argue and shout. They forget to be nice and gentle. They splash water and bubbles at each other. They try to grab each other's boats.
Suddenly, they hear a loud knock on the door. It is their mom. She is not happy. She says "What are you doing? You are making a big mess and a lot of noise! You need to stop fighting and share your toys!"
She opens the door and walks into the bathroom. She sees the water and the bubbles on the floor and the walls. She sees the boats in the bath. She lifts Anna's navy boat and Ben's red boat out of the water. She says "These are your boats. They are both nice and special. But they are not more important than being kind and respectful. You need to apologize and play nicely."
Anna and Ben look at their mom. They look at each other. They feel sorry and ashamed. They say "We are sorry, mom. We are sorry, Anna. We are sorry, Ben. We love our boats, but we love each other more. Can we play together again?"
Their mom smiles and hugs them. She says "Of course you can. But first, you need to help me clean up this mess. And then, you need to dry off and get ready for bed. Maybe tomorrow, you can play with your boats again. But remember, no more fighting and splashing!"
Anna and Ben nod and smile. They say "OK, mom. Thank you, mom. We will help you and we will be good. We will play with our boats again. But we will be nice and gentle. And we will have fun together!"