Tim and Lily were playing with paper. They liked to fold it into different shapes. Tim made a boat, and Lily made a hat. They put their paper things on the floor and pretended they were on an adventure.
"Look, Lily, I see an island!" Tim said, pointing to a pillow. "Let's sail there and find treasure!"
"Okay, Tim, but be careful. There might be pirates!" Lily said, putting her hat on her head. She followed Tim to the pillow island.
They searched the pillow for shiny things. They found some buttons, a necklace, and a ring. They were very happy. But then they saw something black and hard on the pillow. It was coal.
"What is this, Tim?" Lily asked, picking up the coal. "It's not shiny or pretty."
"I don't know, Lily. Maybe it's a pirate's rock. Maybe he uses it to make fire." Tim said, looking at the coal. He had an idea. "Hey, Lily, let's play a trick on the pirate. Let's fold this paper around the coal and make it look like a present. Then we can leave it here and hide. When the pirate comes back, he will think we gave him a nice gift. But when he opens it, he will see the coal and be angry!"
Lily liked Tim's idea. She thought it was funny. She helped Tim fold the paper around the coal. They made it very tight, so the pirate would not see the coal inside. They put a ribbon on it and wrote "To Pirate, From Tim and Lily" on it. They left the paper present on the pillow and ran to hide behind the couch.
They waited for a long time. They did not see the pirate. They started to get bored. They wanted to play something else.
"Tim, can we go now? I don't think the pirate is coming." Lily said, whispering to Tim.
"Okay, Lily, let's go. But we have to be quiet. Maybe the pirate is sleeping." Tim said, whispering back. He got up and tiptoed to the pillow. He wanted to take his boat back.
But as he reached for his boat, he heard a loud voice.
"Who's there? Who left this present for me?" It was the pirate! He was not sleeping. He was hiding under the pillow. He saw Tim and Lily and grabbed them. He was very angry. He opened the paper present and saw the coal. He was even more angry.
"You little rascals! You tried to fool me! You gave me coal instead of treasure! How dare you!" He shouted, shaking the coal at them.
Tim and Lily were very scared. They did not think the pirate was real. They did not think he would find them. They did not think he would be so mad. They wished they had not played the trick. They wished they had not folded the paper around the coal. They wished they had not made the pirate angry. They wished they could run away.