Tom and Jen were twins who liked to travel. They wanted to see many things in life. They had a big map on their wall with pins on the places they had been. They always asked their mom and dad to take them to new places.
But one day, their mom and dad said they had no money to travel. They said they had to work hard and save money. They said Tom and Jen had to help them at home and at the farm. They said travel was not the most important thing in life.
Tom and Jen were sad and angry. They did not want to help. They wanted to be lazy and have fun. They said travel was the most important thing in life. They said they did not care about work or money. They said they would run away and travel by themselves.
So one night, they packed their bags and sneaked out of the house. They took their bikes and rode to the train station. They saw a big train that said "New York" on it. They thought New York was a fun place to travel. They hid in a cargo car and waited for the train to move.
But they did not know that the train was not going to New York. It was going to a place called Alaska. Alaska was very cold and far away. They did not have warm clothes or food or money. They did not have their mom and dad or their map or their pins. They were scared and lonely and hungry.
They realized they had made a big mistake. They wished they had listened to their mom and dad. They wished they had helped them at home and at the farm. They wished they had not been lazy and selfish. They wished they could go back to their home and their life.
They learned that travel was not the most important thing in life. They learned that work and money and family were important too. They learned that being lazy and selfish was not good. They learned that being grateful and helpful was good.
They hoped they could find a way to go back home. They hoped their mom and dad would forgive them. They hoped they could still travel someday, but with their mom and dad and their map and their pins. They hoped they could still see many things in life, but not forget the things they already had.