Lily was a gifted girl who loved to bake. She liked to make cakes and cookies and pies for her family and friends. She always used sugar to make them sweet and yummy.
One day, she wanted to bake a cake for her mom's birthday. She asked her dad to help her. He said yes and they went to the kitchen. Lily got the flour, the eggs, the butter and the sugar. She mixed them in a big bowl. She poured the batter in a pan and put it in the oven.
"Can I turn the oven on, dad?" Lily asked.
"Sure, honey. But be careful, it's very hot. Turn the knob to 180 degrees and set the timer for 25 minutes." Dad said.
Lily did as he said. She was very excited to see her cake. She hoped her mom would like it.
While the cake was baking, Lily and her dad made some frosting. They used more butter, more sugar and some pink food coloring. Lily stirred the frosting until it was smooth and pretty.
"Can I taste it, dad?" Lily asked.
"Of course, honey. But not too much, or you'll spoil your appetite." Dad said.
Lily licked the spoon. It was delicious. She smiled and gave her dad a hug.
"Thank you for helping me, dad. You are the best." Lily said.
"You're welcome, honey. You are very gifted. I'm proud of you." Dad said.
They finished the frosting and waited for the cake to be done. When the timer beeped, they took the cake out of the oven. It smelled wonderful. They let it cool down and then spread the frosting on top. They also added some sprinkles and candles.
"Wow, it looks amazing, Lily. Your mom will love it." Dad said.
"I hope so, dad. I love her very much." Lily said.
They put the cake on a plate and carried it to the living room. They hid behind the couch and waited for mom to come home. When they heard the door open, they jumped out and shouted.
"Surprise! Happy birthday, mom!" Lily and dad said.
Mom was very surprised and happy. She saw the cake and hugged Lily and dad.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you. This is the best gift ever. You are so sweet and gifted, Lily. I love you very much." Mom said.
They lit the candles and sang happy birthday. Mom blew them out and made a wish. They cut the cake and ate it. It was the best cake ever. They all smiled and laughed and had a wonderful time. Lily was very happy. She had made her mom's birthday special. She had used her gift of baking and her love of sugar. She had turned a simple day into a happy day.