Tom and Lily were playing with their toys in the garden. They had many shapes to make things with: circles, squares, triangles, and more. Tom liked to make big towers with the triangles. He stacked them high and proud. Lily liked to make small houses with the squares. She put them close and cozy.
"Look at my tower, Lily!" Tom said. "It is the biggest tower ever!"
"It is very big, Tom," Lily said. "But my house is very nice, too."
Tom did not care about Lily's house. He wanted to make his tower bigger and bigger. He took some of Lily's squares and put them on his tower. Lily did not like that.
"Tom, those are my squares!" Lily said. "Give them back!"
"No, I need them for my tower!" Tom said. "My tower is more important than your house!"
Lily was sad and angry. She did not want to play with Tom anymore. She went to the other side of the garden, where there was a bird feeder. She saw some birds flying around, looking for food. She decided to feed them with some seeds she found. She filled the bird feeder with seeds and watched the birds come and eat. They were happy and grateful. They chirped and sang to Lily.
"Hello, birds!" Lily said. "Do you like the seeds?"
"Yes, we do!" the birds said. "Thank you, Lily! You are very kind and generous!"
Lily smiled and felt happy, too. She liked to feed the birds and make them happy.
Tom saw Lily and the birds from his tower. He felt lonely and bored. His tower was big, but it did not make him happy. He wished he had someone to play with and talk to. He looked at his tower and saw that it was not very stable. It wobbled and shook. He had taken too many squares from Lily and made his tower too heavy. He tried to fix it, but it was too late. His tower collapsed and fell down. He was scared and hurt. He cried out loud.
"Lily, help me!" Tom said. "My tower fell down and I am hurt!"
Lily heard Tom and ran to him. She saw him lying on the ground, covered with triangles and squares. She felt sorry for him. She helped him get up and checked if he was okay. He had some scratches and bruises, but nothing serious.
"Are you okay, Tom?" Lily said. "I am sorry your tower fell down."
"I am okay, Lily," Tom said. "But I am sorry, too. I am sorry I took your squares and was mean to you. Your house was very nice, and you were very nice to the birds. You are a good friend, Lily. Can you forgive me?"
Lily hugged Tom and said, "Of course I can forgive you, Tom. You are my friend, too. And friends help each other and share things. Come, let's feed the birds together. They have enough seeds for both of us."
Tom and Lily fed the birds together and played with their shapes. They made new things with the circles, squares, triangles, and more. They made things that were big and small, high and low, but most of all, they made things that were fun and happy. They learned that being kind and generous is better than being greedy and selfish. And they lived happily ever after. The end.