Tom and Anna love to go to the park with their mom. There is a big playground with swings, slides and a sandbox. But their favorite thing is the merry-go-round with many animals. They always want to ride the horse, because it is fast and fun.
One day, they run to the merry-go-round as soon as they get to the park. But there is a problem. There is a man who says they have to pay to ride the horse. He says they need a coin for each ride. Tom and Anna do not have any coins. They look at their mom and ask, "Mom, can we please ride the horse?"
Mom smiles and says, "Of course, my loves. I have some coins in my purse. Here you go. One for you, Tom, and one for you, Anna. Be careful and have fun."
Tom and Anna take the coins and give them to the man. He lets them choose a horse. Tom picks a brown horse and Anna picks a white horse. They climb on the horse and hold on tight. The man pushes a button and the merry-go-round starts to move. Tom and Anna are so happy. They wave to their mom and laugh.
The merry-go-round goes faster and faster. Tom and Anna feel the wind in their hair and the sun on their face. They pretend they are cowboys and cowgirls, riding in the wild. They say, "Yee-haw!" and "Giddy up!" But after a while, they start to feel dizzy. They say, "Mom, can we stop now?"
Mom sees that they are dizzy and says, "Yes, of course. The ride is almost over. Just wait a little bit more." She signals to the man to stop the merry-go-round. The man pushes another button and the merry-go-round slows down. Tom and Anna get off the horse and walk to their mom. They are still dizzy and wobbly. They say, "Mom, that was fun, but we are dizzy."
Mom hugs them and says, "I know, my loves. That's normal. You just need to rest a little bit. Let's go sit on the bench and drink some water. Then you will feel better." She leads them to the bench and gives them each a bottle of water. They drink and sit and watch the other kids on the merry-go-round. They say, "Mom, thank you for letting us ride the horse. We love you."
Mom says, "You're welcome, my loves. I love you too." She kisses them on the cheek and smiles. They are happy and dizzy and tired. They cuddle with their mom and close their eyes. They dream of horses and cowboys and cowgirls. They are happy.