Lily and Ben were playing in the park. They saw a big tree with yellow fruits. They wanted to try them.
"Look, Ben, yellow fruits! They look yummy!" Lily said.
"Let's get some!" Ben said.
They ran to the tree and tried to reach the fruits. But they were too high. They jumped and stretched, but they could not touch them.
"Maybe we can climb the tree," Ben said.
He put his foot on a branch and pulled himself up. Lily followed him. They climbed higher and higher, until they saw the fruits close to them.
"Wow, we did it!" Lily said.
She reached for a fruit and picked it. Ben did the same. They smiled and bit into the fruits.
But they did not taste yummy. They tasted sour and bitter. They made their mouths hurt. They spit out the fruits and made faces.
"Yuck! These fruits are bad!" Ben said.
"Let's go down!" Lily said.
They tried to climb down, but they were scared. The tree was very high and the branches were thin. They felt like they would fall.
"Help! Help!" they cried.
A man heard them and came to the tree. He saw the children and shook his head.
"What are you doing up there?" he asked.
"We wanted to try the yellow fruits, but they are bad and we are stuck!" Lily said.
"Those are not fruits, those are wild berries. They are not for eating, they are for birds. You should not climb trees that you do not know. You could get hurt or sick," the man said.
He got a ladder and helped them down. They thanked him and ran to their mom.
"Mom, we are sorry. We climbed a tree and tried to eat wild berries, but they were bad and we were scared," Ben said.
Mom hugged them and said, "I'm glad you are safe. But you should not do that again. You should only eat fruits that you know and that are good for you. And you should not climb trees that are too high or too wild. You should be careful and listen to me."
Lily and Ben nodded and said, "We are sorry, Mom. We learned our lesson. We will be careful and listen to you."
Mom smiled and said, "That's good. Now, how about some real fruits for a snack?"
She gave them some apples and bananas. They ate them and said, "These fruits are yummy!"
The end.