Lily loved to read books. She had many books in her room, but her favorite was the dictionary. The dictionary had many words and their meanings. Lily liked to learn new words and use them in her sentences.
One day, Lily saw a big word in the dictionary. It was "punish". She did not know what it meant, so she asked her mom. Her mom said, "Punish means to make someone feel bad or do something hard when they do something wrong. For example, if you break a toy, I might punish you by taking away your dessert."
Lily thought about it. She did not want to be punished. She wanted to be good and have dessert. She liked dessert. It was sweet and yummy. She decided to never do anything wrong.
But later, Lily saw her brother Tom playing with her dictionary. He was tearing the pages and drawing on them. Lily was angry. She loved her dictionary. It was her special book. She ran to Tom and shouted, "Stop it! That's my dictionary! You are ruining it!"
Tom did not listen. He laughed and said, "I don't care. It's a boring book. It has no pictures or stories. It's just words. Words are stupid."
Lily felt very sad and mad. She wanted to punish Tom. She wanted to make him feel bad or do something hard. She grabbed the dictionary from him and hit him on the head with it. Tom cried and dropped the book. He ran to their mom and told her what Lily did.
Their mom was not happy. She came to Lily and said, "Lily, why did you hit your brother with your dictionary? That was not nice. That was wrong. You hurt him and you damaged your book. You know what that means. I have to punish you."
Lily felt sorry. She did not mean to hurt Tom or her book. She just wanted him to stop. She said, "I'm sorry, mom. I was angry. He was tearing my dictionary. I love my dictionary. It teaches me new words."
Her mom said, "I understand, Lily. But hitting is not the answer. You should have told me or asked him nicely to stop. Hitting is not a good way to solve problems. It only makes things worse. Now you have to go to your room and think about what you did. And you have no dessert tonight. That's your punishment."
Lily nodded. She knew she was wrong. She picked up her dictionary and hugged it. She said, "I'm sorry, dictionary. I won't hit anyone with you again. You are my friend. You help me learn. I hope you are not too hurt."
She went to her room and put her dictionary on her shelf. She looked at the torn pages and the scribbles. She felt sad. She wished she could fix it. She wished she could say sorry to Tom. She wished she could have dessert. She learned a lesson. She learned that punish is not a nice word. She learned that hitting is not a nice thing. She learned that words are not stupid. They are powerful. They can hurt or help. She decided to use her words wisely. She decided to be good and kind. She decided to love her dictionary and her brother.