Tom and Anna were playing with their toys in the living room. Tom had a big truck and Anna had a doll. They were having fun, but Tom was a little lazy. He did not want to share his truck with Anna, or help her clean up the toys.
"Tom, can I play with your truck for a little bit?" Anna asked.
"No, it is mine. You have your doll," Tom said.
"But I want to try something new. Please, Tom, just for a little bit," Anna said.
"No, no, no. Go away, Anna. You are bothering me," Tom said.
Anna was sad and angry. She wished she could make Tom share his truck. She remembered that her grandma had given her a book of spells for her birthday. She ran to her room and looked for the book. She found a spell that said "Shrink, shrink, shrink. Make something small as a wink."
Anna smiled. She took the book and went back to the living room. She pointed at Tom's truck and said the spell.
"Shrink, shrink, shrink. Make something small as a wink."
Suddenly, Tom's truck became very tiny. It was smaller than Anna's doll. Tom was shocked and scared. He dropped the truck and it fell on the floor.
"Anna, what did you do? You made my truck shrink!" Tom cried.
"I did a spell. You were mean and lazy. You did not share your truck with me. Now you have a small truck and I have a big doll," Anna said.
"Anna, please, undo the spell. I am sorry. I will share my truck with you. I will help you clean up the toys. Please, Anna, please," Tom begged.
Anna thought for a moment. She felt sorry for Tom. He looked very sad and sorry. She decided to forgive him. She looked at the book and found another spell. It said "Grow, grow, grow. Make something big as a bow."
Anna pointed at Tom's truck and said the spell.
"Grow, grow, grow. Make something big as a bow."
Tom's truck became big again. It was bigger than before. Tom was happy and relieved. He hugged Anna and thanked her.
"Anna, you are very kind and smart. You can play with my truck anytime. I am sorry I was mean and lazy. I will be a good brother to you," Tom said.
Anna smiled. She hugged Tom and said "I love you, Tom. You are a good brother to me. Let's play together and have fun."
They played with their toys and had fun. They shared and helped each other. They were happy and they learned a lesson.