Timmy liked to play with his toy cars. He had many cars of different colors and sizes. He liked to make them zoom and crash on the floor. He also liked to fix them when they broke. He had a small toolbox with a hammer, a screwdriver and some tape. He wanted to be a mechanic when he grew up.
One day, his mom took him to a real mechanic shop. She had to fix her car because it made a loud noise. Timmy was very excited. He wanted to see the big cars and the tools. He wanted to help the mechanic. He held his toolbox and followed his mom.
The mechanic was a friendly man with a bright shirt. He smiled at Timmy and said, "Hello, little buddy. Do you like cars?"
"Yes, I do!" Timmy said. "I have many toy cars. I can fix them. I want to be a mechanic like you."
"That's great!" the mechanic said. "You can watch me work, but you have to stay away from the machines. They can be dangerous. Do you understand?"
Timmy nodded. He understood. He stayed close to his mom and watched the mechanic. He saw him use a big wrench, a jack and a flashlight. He saw him open the hood, check the engine and change the oil. He learned many new things.
The mechanic finished his work and closed the hood. He turned on the car and it did not make a loud noise anymore. He said, "All done. Your car is good to go."
"Thank you, sir," Timmy's mom said. "How much do I owe you?"
The mechanic looked at Timmy and winked. He said, "No charge. It's a gift for the future mechanic."
Timmy's mom was surprised and grateful. She thanked the mechanic again and gave him a hug. Timmy also thanked him and gave him a high five. He said, "You are the best mechanic ever. Can I come back and see you again?"
"Of course, you can," the mechanic said. "You are always welcome here. Maybe one day, you can work with me."
Timmy was very happy. He got in the car with his mom and waved goodbye to the mechanic. He said, "Mom, can we go to the toy store and buy a new car? I want to fix it like the mechanic."
His mom smiled and said, "Sure, Timmy. You can buy a new car. You are a very good mechanic."