Anna and Ben are playing with their toys in the living room. Anna has a colorful puzzle with many pieces. Ben has a big truck that can make noises. Anna likes to fit the pieces together and recognize the pictures. Ben likes to drive the truck around and make it honk.
"Look, Anna, I have a truck!" Ben says, showing his toy to Anna. "It can open and close and carry things. It is very fun!"
"That is nice, Ben, but I like my puzzle more," Anna says, holding up a piece. "It has many colors and shapes. It is very pretty!"
Ben wants to play with the puzzle too. He grabs a piece from Anna and tries to fit it in his truck. Anna gets angry and pulls the piece back.
"Hey, Ben, that is my puzzle! You have your own toy. Give it back!" Anna shouts.
"No, Anna, I want to play with the puzzle too! It is also fun!" Ben shouts back.
They start to tug and pull on the piece, making it bend and tear. They both cry and drop the piece on the floor. Their mom hears the noise and comes to the living room.
"What is going on here?" Mom asks, looking at the broken piece and the sad children. "Why are you fighting over a puzzle?"
"Ben took my puzzle and tried to put it in his truck. He ruined it!" Anna says, pointing at Ben.
"Anna did not let me play with the puzzle. She was mean!" Ben says, pointing at Anna.
Mom sighs and picks up the piece. She shows it to Anna and Ben.
"Look, this is a piece of a flower. It is very colorful and beautiful. But now it is broken and ugly. Do you think the flower is happy?" Mom asks.
Anna and Ben shake their heads. They feel sorry for the flower.
"Playing with toys is fun, but sharing them is even more fun. If you share your toys, you can make more friends and have more fun. Do you understand?" Mom asks.
Anna and Ben nod. They look at each other and say sorry.
"I am sorry, Ben. You can play with my puzzle if you want. But please be careful and do not break it," Anna says.
"I am sorry, Anna. You can play with my truck if you want. But please be careful and do not make it dirty," Ben says.
They hug and smile. They decide to play together and share their toys. They fit the puzzle pieces and recognize the pictures. They drive the truck and make it honk. They have a lot of fun. Mom is happy and proud of them. She gives them a kiss and a cookie. They say thank you and enjoy their snack. They are good friends. The end.