Lily and Ben were playing with their toys in the living room. They had a big box of blocks, cars, dolls and animals. They liked to build houses and roads and pretend they were a family.
But then, Lily had an idea. She saw a bottle of glue on the shelf. She wanted to make her house stronger and prettier. She took the glue and poured it on her blocks. She stuck them together and made a roof and a door.
"Look, Ben, I made a house with glue!" she said. "It is very strong and pretty. Do you want to see?"
Ben came over and looked at the house. He thought it was nice, but he also wanted to play with the blocks. He tried to pull one block, but it was stuck. He tried another one, but it was also stuck. He could not take any block from the house.
"Hey, Lily, why did you use glue?" he asked. "Now I can't play with the blocks. They are all stuck. That is not fair!"
Lily did not understand why Ben was angry. She thought he would like her house. She did not know that glue was hard to remove.
"I used glue because I wanted to make a house," she said. "It is my house. You can play with the other toys."
Ben was frustrated. He did not want to play with the other toys. He wanted to play with the blocks. He looked around and saw a key on the table. He had an idea. He took the key and ran to the house.
"Maybe I can unlock the blocks with the key," he thought. "Then I can play with them."
He put the key in the door and turned it. But nothing happened. The door did not open. The key did not fit. He tried to pull the key, but it was stuck. He could not take the key from the door.
"Uh-oh," he said. "Now I can't take the key. It is stuck in the door. What do I do?"
Lily heard Ben and came over. She saw the key in the door. She was angry. She did not want Ben to touch her house. She did not want him to use the key.
"Hey, Ben, why did you put the key in the door?" she asked. "Now you can't take the key. It is my key. You can't use it!"
Ben and Lily started to cry. They both wanted their things back. They both wanted to play with the blocks. They both did not know how to fix the problem.
Mom heard them and came to the living room. She saw the house, the glue, the key and the tears. She understood what happened. She was not happy.
"Ben, Lily, what did you do?" she asked. "Why did you use glue and a key on the blocks? You know you are not supposed to do that. You made a big mess. You ruined the blocks and the key. You need to say sorry to each other and to me."
Ben and Lily felt sorry. They did not mean to make a mess. They did not mean to ruin the blocks and the key. They said sorry to each other and to Mom.
Mom hugged them and said, "It's okay. I forgive you. But you need to learn to share and to ask before you use things. And you need to be careful with glue and keys. They are not toys. They can be dangerous and sticky. Do you understand?"
Ben and Lily nodded. They understood. They promised to be more careful and to share. Mom smiled and said, "Good. Now let's see if we can clean up this mess. Maybe we can still save some of the blocks and the key. And maybe we can find another way to make a house. A house that you can both play with. How does that sound?"
Ben and Lily smiled. They liked that idea. They helped Mom to clean up the mess. They found some paper and scissors and tape. They made a new house with paper and tape. A house that they could open and close. A house that they could both play with. They were happy. They thanked Mom and hugged her. They played with their new house and their other toys. They had fun. They were friends.