Sam and Mia liked to play with their toy cars. They had many cars of different colors and sizes. They made roads and bridges with their blocks and pretended to drive around. One day, they found a new toy in their room. It was a big red fire truck with a ladder and a siren.
"Wow, look at this!" Sam said. "It's a fire truck! Let's play with it!"
"OK, but be careful," Mia said. "It looks very tall. Don't drop it or it might break."
Sam nodded and picked up the fire truck. He pushed the button and the siren made a loud noise. He smiled and drove the fire truck on the road. He saw a tall tower made of blocks. He wanted to reach the top with the ladder.
"Watch this, Mia!" he said. "I'm going to climb the tower with the fire truck!"
He moved the ladder up and up until it touched the top block. He was very proud. He pretended to be a firefighter and shouted, "Help, help! There's a fire in the tower! I need to put it out!"
He reached for a toy hose and sprayed water on the blocks. He made a hissing sound with his mouth. He saw some smoke coming out of the blocks. He thought it was part of the game.
But it was not. The smoke was real. The siren had a battery inside and it was too hot. It made the blocks catch fire. Sam did not know that. He kept playing.
Mia saw the smoke and smelled something bad. She was scared. She knew something was wrong.
"Sam, Sam, stop!" she cried. "The fire truck is on fire! Drop it, drop it now!"
Sam heard Mia and looked at the fire truck. He saw the flames and the smoke. He was shocked. He dropped the fire truck and ran away from the tower. The fire truck fell down and crashed on the floor. The siren stopped. The fire spread to the other blocks.
Mia and Sam ran to the door and called for their mom. Their mom came and saw the fire. She grabbed a blanket and threw it on the fire. She put it out. She was angry and worried.
"What were you doing?" she asked. "How did this happen?"
Sam and Mia were sorry. They told their mom what they did. They said they were sorry. They hugged their mom.
Their mom was glad they were safe. She told them to never play with fire or things that might get hot. She told them to be careful with their toys. She told them to love each other.
Sam and Mia learned their lesson. They said they loved their mom. They said they loved each other. They cleaned up their room. They never played with the fire truck again.