Tim and Sam are friends who like to play with toys. They have many cars, trains, and boats, but only one plane. The plane is blue and shiny, and it can make noises when you press a button. Tim and Sam both want to play with the plane, but they have to take turns.
One day, Tim has the plane and he flies it around the room. He makes it zoom and swoop and loop. He says, "Look, Sam, my plane is so fast and cool!" Sam watches Tim and feels envious. He wants to have the plane too. He says, "Tim, can I have the plane now? It's my turn."
Tim says, "No, Sam, I'm not done yet. You have to wait." He flies the plane higher and higher, until it reaches the ceiling. He says, "Look, Sam, my plane can touch the sky!" Sam feels more envious. He says, "Tim, that's not fair. You have to share the plane."
Tim says, "No, Sam, I don't have to share. It's my plane and I can do what I want." He flies the plane lower and lower, until it comes near Sam. He says, "Look, Sam, my plane can fly near you, but you can't touch it!" Sam feels very envious. He says, "Tim, that's mean. You have to be nice to your friend."
Tim says, "No, Sam, I don't have to be nice. I have the plane and you don't." He flies the plane closer and closer, until it almost hits Sam. He says, "Look, Sam, my plane can bump you, but you can't bump it back!" Sam feels very angry. He says, "Tim, that's rude. You have to stop it."
Tim says, "No, Sam, I don't have to stop. I have the plane and you have nothing." He flies the plane right at Sam, but Sam is ready. He leans to the side and dodges the plane. He reaches out and grabs the plane. He says, "Now I have the plane and you have nothing. How do you like that?"
Tim feels very sad. He says, "Sam, please give me back the plane. I'm sorry I was mean to you. Can we be friends again?" Sam thinks for a moment. He says, "OK, Tim, I'll give you back the plane. But you have to promise to share it and be nice to me. Can we do that?" Tim nods and smiles. He says, "Yes, Sam, we can do that. I'm sorry I was envious of you. You're my friend and I like you." Sam nods and smiles. He says, "Me too, Tim. You're my friend and I like you." They hug and give each other the plane. They play with the plane together and have fun. They are happy.