Anna and Ben were twins who liked to play outside. One day, they saw a big truck parked near their house. They were curious and wanted to see what was inside. They sneaked behind the truck and opened the door.
Inside, they saw many boxes and bags. They wondered what was in them. They decided to open one box and reveal what was inside. They tore the tape and lifted the lid. They gasped when they saw many shiny things. They were jewels!
Anna and Ben were excited and wanted to take some jewels. They thought they could keep them or trade them for toys. They reached for the jewels, but then they heard a loud noise. It was the truck driver. He had seen them and was angry. He shouted at them and ran towards them.
Anna and Ben were fearful and dropped the box. They ran away from the truck, but they did not look where they were going. They ran into the street, where there was a lot of traffic. Cars and bikes were honking and braking. Anna and Ben were scared and confused. They did not know how to cross the street safely.
Luckily, a kind lady saw them and helped them. She took them by the hand and led them to the sidewalk. She asked them where they lived and why they were in the street. Anna and Ben told her what they had done. They felt ashamed and sorry. The lady told them that they had done a very bad thing. She said that the jewels were not theirs and that they could have been hurt or caught by the police. She said that they should never take things that belong to others and that they should always be careful near traffic. She said that they should go home and tell their parents what they had done.
Anna and Ben nodded and thanked the lady. They walked home and told their parents everything. Their parents were very upset and disappointed. They scolded them and made them return the jewels to the truck driver. They also made them apologize and promise to never do it again. Anna and Ben learned their lesson. They realized that they had been greedy and foolish. They decided to be more honest and respectful from then on. They also decided to be more careful and listen to their parents when they played outside.