Tim and Lily were going to the shore with their mom and dad. They were very happy and enthusiastic. They wanted to play in the sand and water and see the fish and birds. They had to pack their bags with clothes and toys and snacks.
Tim was a good boy. He packed his bag quickly and neatly. He put in his swimsuit, his hat, his towel, his ball, his bucket and his shovel. He also packed some crackers and juice for the trip. He helped his mom and dad with the other bags and put them in the car.
Lily was a naughty girl. She did not pack her bag at all. She only wanted to play with her dolls and watch TV. She ignored her mom and dad when they told her to pack. She said she did not need anything for the shore. She was lazy and stubborn.
When they arrived at the shore, Tim was very happy. He put on his swimsuit and hat and ran to the sand and water. He played with his ball, his bucket and his shovel. He made a big sandcastle and dug a moat. He saw some fish and birds and waved at them. He shared his crackers and juice with his mom and dad.
Lily was very sad. She did not have anything to wear or play with. She only had her dress and shoes. She could not go to the sand and water because they were dirty and wet. She could not make a sandcastle or dig a moat because she did not have a bucket or a shovel. She could not see any fish or birds because they were too far away. She was hungry and thirsty but she did not have any crackers or juice.
Tim saw Lily sitting alone and crying. He felt sorry for her. He went to her and said, "Lily, why are you sad? Do you want to play with me? You can use my bucket and shovel and ball. You can also have some of my crackers and juice. The shore is fun and beautiful. Come and join me."
Lily looked at Tim and smiled. She said, "Thank you, Tim. You are very kind and generous. I am sorry I was naughty and did not pack. I was wrong and foolish. I missed out on a lot of fun and joy. Can you forgive me?"
Tim hugged Lily and said, "Of course I forgive you, Lily. You are my sister and I love you. Come on, let's go and have fun together. The shore is big enough for both of us."
Lily and Tim went to the sand and water and played together. They made a bigger sandcastle and dug a deeper moat. They saw more fish and birds and talked to them. They shared their crackers and juice and laughed. They had a wonderful time at the shore.
Mom and dad watched them and smiled. They were proud of Tim and happy for Lily. They learned a lesson that day. They learned that it is better to pack and be prepared than to be lazy and unprepared. They learned that it is better to share and be kind than to be selfish and stubborn. They learned that the shore is a place of fun and beauty for those who are enthusiastic and grateful.