Anna and Ben were playing with scissors and paper in the living room. They liked to cut out shapes and glue them on a big poster. Anna cut out a star and Ben cut out a circle. They were having fun.
But then Ben saw a towel on the sofa. It was Mom's new towel that she bought yesterday. It was soft and pink and had flowers on it. Ben wanted to cut it and make a flower for his poster. He grabbed the scissors and the towel and started to cut.
"Ben, no!" Anna shouted. "That is Mom's towel! You can't cut it! That is rude!"
Ben did not listen. He cut and cut and cut. He made a big hole in the towel. He was happy with his flower.
Anna was angry and sad. She ran to Mom and told her what Ben did. Mom came to the living room and saw the mess. She saw the scissors, the paper, the poster and the towel. She saw the hole in the towel. She was very upset.
"Ben, what did you do?" Mom asked. "Why did you cut my towel? That is rude and naughty! You have to say sorry and help me fix it!"
Ben looked at Mom. He looked at Anna. He looked at the towel. He felt bad. He did not mean to make Mom upset. He did not know it was her towel. He just wanted to make a flower.
"I'm sorry, Mom," Ben said. "I'm sorry, Anna. I did not know. I will help you fix it."
Mom hugged Ben and Anna. She was still upset, but she was also glad that Ben said sorry. She gave them some thread and a needle. She showed them how to sew the hole in the towel. They worked together to make the towel look better. It was not as good as new, but it was still soft and pink and had flowers on it.
Mom put the towel back on the sofa. She told Ben and Anna to be careful with scissors and to ask before they cut anything. She told them to clean up the paper and the glue. She told them she loved them.
Ben and Anna said they loved Mom too. They said they were sorry again. They cleaned up the living room. They finished their poster. They put it on the wall. They were proud of their shapes. They were also proud of their towel. They learned a lesson. They did not cut anything rude again.