Lisa loves to sing. She sings all day long. She sings in the morning, in the afternoon, and at night. She sings when she plays, when she eats, and when she sleeps. She sings loud and soft, high and low, fast and slow. She sings happy and sad, funny and scary, silly and serious. She is very creative with her singing.
One day, Lisa goes to the opera with her mom. The opera is a big place where people sing on a stage. Lisa is very excited to see the opera. She wants to hear the singers and see the costumes and the lights. She wants to learn new songs and new words.
When they get to the opera, Lisa and her mom find their seats. They wait for the show to start. Lisa looks around and sees many people. Some people are dressed in fancy clothes. Some people have glasses or binoculars. Some people have programs or books. Lisa wonders what they are for.
Soon, the lights go down and the curtain goes up. The opera begins. Lisa hears the music and the singing. She sees the actors and the scenery. She tries to follow the story and the emotions. She is amazed by the opera. She thinks it is beautiful and magical.
At one point, Lisa hears a singer who has a very high voice. She sounds like a bird or a whistle. Lisa likes her voice. She wants to sing like her. She opens her mouth and tries to copy her. She sings very loud and very high. She thinks she is doing well.
But the people around her do not think so. They turn and look at Lisa. They frown and shush her. They tell her to be quiet and to stop singing. They say she is ruining the opera. They say she is rude and annoying.
Lisa feels sad and confused. She does not understand why they are angry. She does not mean to be bad. She just wants to sing and have fun. She likes the opera. She wants to be part of it.
She looks at her mom. Her mom smiles and hugs her. She whispers in her ear. She says, "I love your singing, Lisa. You are very creative and talented. But this is not the time or the place to sing. This is the time and the place to listen and to watch. The opera is a special show that has its own rules and manners. You have to respect the singers and the audience. You have to be quiet and polite. You can sing later, when we get home or in the car. OK?"
Lisa nods and says, "OK, mom. I'm sorry. I will be quiet and polite. I will listen and watch. But can I still enjoy the opera?"
Her mom says, "Of course, Lisa. You can still enjoy the opera. You can still learn and admire. You can still dream and imagine. You can still love and appreciate. The opera is for everyone who loves music and stories. The opera is for you, too."
Lisa smiles and says, "Thank you, mom. I love you. And I love the opera."
Her mom says, "I love you, too, Lisa. And I love the opera, too."
They hold hands and watch the rest of the show. They clap and cheer at the end. They have a wonderful time at the opera.