Anna and Ben are playing with their toy cars on the floor. They have a big box of cars and they like to make them go fast and make noises. Sometimes they crash the cars and pretend they are broken.
"Look, Ben, I have a red car and you have a blue car. Let's race them!" Anna says.
"OK, Anna, but I will win. My car is faster than yours!" Ben says.
They line up their cars at one end of the room and count to three. Then they push their cars as hard as they can and watch them zoom across the floor. Anna's car is ahead of Ben's car, but then it hits a book and flips over. Ben's car keeps going and reaches the other end of the room.
"I win, I win!" Ben shouts. He jumps up and down and claps his hands. He feels happy and proud. He has success.
Anna is not happy. She feels sad and angry. She does not like to lose. She picks up the box of cars and throws it in the air. The cars scatter all over the room. Some of them hit the walls, some of them land on the sofa, some of them bounce on the floor.
"Anna, what are you doing? That's not nice!" Ben says. He is shocked and scared. He thinks Anna is crazy.
Anna does not care. She stomps her feet and screams. She does not want to play with Ben anymore. She wants to have her own car and win the race.
"Anna, stop it! You are making a mess!" Mom says. She comes into the room and sees the cars everywhere. She is not happy either. She thinks Anna is naughty.
"Mom, Anna threw the cars and made them scatter. She is crazy!" Ben says.
"Anna, why did you do that? That's not how we play. You have to share and be nice. And you have to clean up this mess!" Mom says.
Anna does not want to listen. She crosses her arms and pouts. She does not want to share or be nice or clean up. She wants to have her own way.
Mom sighs. She picks up Anna and carries her to her room. She puts her on her bed and says, "You need a time out, Anna. You can come out when you are ready to say sorry and help Ben clean up the cars."
Anna does not say anything. She lies on her bed and cries. She does not feel happy or proud. She feels sorry and lonely. She wishes she did not throw the cars and make them scatter. She wishes she was nice to Ben and played with him. She wishes she had success.