Lily was a princess who liked to do many things. She liked to sing, to draw, to play with her dolls and to read books. She also liked to do new things that she never did before.
One day, she heard that a prince was coming to visit her castle. She was eager to meet him. She wanted to do something fun with him. She asked her mother, the queen, what they would do.
"We will have a feast, a dance and a show," the queen said. "The prince will bring a gift for you."
Lily was not very happy. She did not like to sit still and eat, or to wear a dress and dance, or to watch a show. She wanted to do something else.
She went to her room and thought. She had an idea. She took her favorite book, a hat and a cloak and put them in a bag. She sneaked out of the castle and went to the garden.
There, she saw the prince. He was wearing a fancy suit and a crown. He looked bored. He saw Lily and smiled.
"Hello, who are you?" he asked.
"I am Lily, the princess," she said. "But I do not want to be a princess today. I want to be an adventurer. Do you want to join me?"
The prince was surprised. He liked to do new things too. He nodded.
"Yes, I do. What do you have in your bag?"
Lily showed him her book, her hat and her cloak. She said, "This is a book of stories. We can pretend to be the characters and have adventures. This is a hat and a cloak. We can wear them and hide from the guards. Do you have a gift for me?"
The prince took out a wooden sword from his pocket. He said, "This is a gift for you. It is a sword. You can use it to fight dragons and monsters. Do you like it?"
Lily was very happy. She liked the sword. She said, "I love it. Thank you. You are a nice prince. Do you want to be my friend?"
The prince was very happy too. He liked Lily. He said, "I do. You are a fun princess. Do you want to be my friend?"
They hugged and smiled. They put on their hats and cloaks and took their book and sword. They ran to the forest and had many adventures. They did not care about the feast, the dance or the show. They only cared about each other. They were the best friends ever.