Sara and Ben like to play with their toys. They have many toys, but their favorite is a soft fox. The fox is brown and white, and has a long tail. Sara and Ben hug the fox and pretend it can talk.
One day, a man comes to their house. He has a big bag and a big smile. He knocks on the door and says, "Hello, I am here to sell you some new toys. Do you want to see them?"
Sara and Ben run to the door. They are curious and excited. They want to see the new toys. They say, "Yes, please, show us the new toys!"
The man opens his bag and takes out some dolls, cars, blocks, and books. He says, "Look at these wonderful toys. They are shiny and colorful and fun. You can have any of them for a small price. How about this doll? Or this car? Or this block?"
Sara and Ben look at the new toys. They are shiny and colorful and fun. But they do not want to give up their fox. They love their fox. They say, "No, thank you, we do not want these toys. We have our fox. Our fox is soft and cuddly and smart. We do not want to trade our fox for anything."
The man is impatient. He wants to sell his toys and make money. He says, "But these toys are better than your fox. Your fox is old and dirty and boring. You should get rid of it and buy something new. How about this book? Or this block?"
Sara and Ben shake their heads. They do not like the man. They do not like his toys. They say, "No, thank you, we do not want these toys. We want our fox. Our fox is our friend. We do not want to sell our fox. Please go away."
The man is angry. He says, "Fine, then. You are silly and stubborn. You do not know what is good for you. I will go and find someone else who will buy my toys. Goodbye." He puts his toys back in his bag and leaves.
Sara and Ben close the door. They hug their fox and say, "We are sorry, fox. We did not mean to make you sad. We love you very much. You are the best toy ever." The fox smiles and says, "I love you too, Sara and Ben. You are the best friends ever." They play happily together.