Lily and Sam were best friends. They liked to play in the snow and make snowmen. One day, they saw a big truck with a sign that said "Free Candy". The truck was shiny and colorful, and it had a loud music.
"Wow, look at that!" Sam said. "Let's go get some candy!"
Lily felt scared. She remembered what her mom told her. "Never go with strangers. They might be bad. Always trust your mom and dad."
"Sam, wait!" Lily said. "We don't know who is in the truck. Maybe they are not nice. We should go home and ask our mom and dad first."
Sam did not listen. He ran to the truck and knocked on the door. A man opened the door and smiled. He had a big bag of candy in his hand.
"Hello, little boy," the man said. "Do you want some candy? I have lots of flavors. You can have as many as you want."
Sam's eyes sparkled. He loved candy. He reached for the bag, but the man pulled it back.
"First, you have to come inside the truck with me," the man said. "I have more candy and toys and games inside. It's very fun. Come on, don't be shy."
Sam was tempted. He wanted to see what was inside the truck. He forgot about Lily and his mom and dad. He forgot about being careful. He was about to step inside the truck, when he heard a loud voice.
"Sam, stop!" It was Lily. She had run after him and grabbed his arm. "Don't go with him! He is a stranger! He might hurt you! Come back with me!"
Sam looked at Lily. He saw that she was crying and shaking. He saw that she was his friend. He saw that she cared about him. He felt sorry and ashamed. He realized that he had made a mistake. He let go of the bag and ran back to Lily. He hugged her and said, "I'm sorry, Lily. You are right. I should not have gone with him. I should have trusted you. Thank you for saving me."
Lily hugged him back and said, "It's okay, Sam. I'm glad you are safe. Let's go home and tell our mom and dad what happened. They will be proud of us."
They held hands and walked away from the truck. The man was angry and tried to follow them, but he slipped on the icy road and fell. He dropped the bag of candy and it spilled all over the snow. The candy was not real. It was made of plastic and paper. It was a trick.
Lily and Sam did not look back. They knew that they had escaped from a bad man. They knew that they had each other. They knew that they had learned a lesson. They knew that trust was more important than candy.