Ben and Lily wanted to make a cake for their mom's birthday. They were very enthusiastic and ran to the kitchen. They found a big bowl, some flour, some eggs, some sugar and some butter. They also found a spoon and a mixer.
"Let's mix everything together!" Ben said.
"OK!" Lily agreed.
They cracked the eggs and put them in the bowl. They added some flour, some sugar and some butter. They used the spoon to stir the mixture. It was hard and sticky.
"Let's use the mixer!" Lily suggested.
"Good idea!" Ben said.
They plugged in the mixer and turned it on. The mixer made a loud noise and spun very fast. It splashed the mixture all over the bowl, the table, the floor and themselves.
"Uh-oh!" Ben and Lily said.
They turned off the mixer and looked at the mess. They were covered in sticky cake batter. It felt wet and gooey on their skin and clothes. They also felt a strange sensation.
"Ben, I itch!" Lily said.
"Me too!" Ben said.
They scratched their arms, their legs, their faces and their hair. They realized they were allergic to something in the cake batter. Maybe it was the eggs or the flour or the butter. They didn't know.
They started to cry. They wanted to make a nice cake for their mom, but they made a big mess and got an itch. They felt sad and sorry.
Their mom heard their cries and came to the kitchen. She saw the disaster and her children's red and swollen skin. She was shocked and worried.
"Oh, my poor babies!" she said. "What happened?"
She hugged them and kissed them. She took them to the bathroom and washed them with warm water and soap. She put some cream on their itch and gave them some medicine. She told them they were brave and sweet and that she loved them very much.
She also told them that they didn't have to make a cake for her birthday. She said that their hug and kiss were the best gifts she could ever have. She said that they could make a cake another day, with her help and with different ingredients.
Ben and Lily felt better. They smiled and hugged their mom back. They said they were sorry for the mess and that they loved her very much. They said they wanted to make a cake another day, with her help and with different ingredients.
Their mom smiled and said that it was OK. She said that they were the best children she could ever have. She said that they could clean up the kitchen together and have some fun. She said that they could have some ice cream instead of cake.
Ben and Lily were happy. They said yes to ice cream and yes to fun. They followed their mom to the kitchen and helped her clean up. They were still enthusiastic, but more careful. They learned a lesson and had a good day.