Lily and Ben were playing in the park with their bikes. They liked to go fast and make loud noises. They saw a big house with a shiny gate and many flowers. They wanted to see more.
"Let's go inside," Ben said. "Maybe they have toys and candy."
Lily nodded. She followed Ben as he pushed the gate open. They rode their bikes on the grass and looked at the windows. They saw a big dog with a red collar. It barked at them.
"Wow, look at that dog!" Ben said. "It's so big and fluffy. I want to pet it."
Lily was scared. She did not like big dogs. She saw a sign that said "Beware of the dog". She tried to tell Ben to stop, but he did not listen. He got off his bike and walked towards the dog.
The dog did not like Ben. It growled and showed its teeth. It ran towards Ben and jumped on him. Ben screamed and fell down. He dropped his bike and his helmet. The dog bit his arm and shook it.
Lily panicked. She did not know what to do. She wanted to help Ben, but she was too afraid of the dog. She looked around and saw a door with a handle. She ran to the door and opened it. She hoped to find someone who could help.
She entered the house and saw a big hall with many pictures and statues. She saw a man and a woman sitting on a sofa. They were watching TV. They looked rich. They had nice clothes and shiny things. They did not see Lily.
Lily ran to them and shouted. "Help, help! There's a dog outside and it's hurting my friend! Please help!"
The man and the woman turned around and saw Lily. They were surprised and angry. They did not like strangers in their house. They did not like children on their grass. They did not like bikes on their flowers.
"Who are you? How did you get in here? Get out of here, you little thief!" the man yelled.
He got up and grabbed Lily by the arm. He dragged her to the door and threw her outside. He slammed the door and locked it.
Lily cried. She was hurt and scared. She saw Ben lying on the ground with the dog on top of him. He was bleeding and crying. She wanted to help him, but she could not. She did not know what to do. She wished someone would come and save them.