Lily and Tom were playing with their toy cars and trucks in the living room. They liked to load the trucks with blocks, balls and dolls and drive them around the carpet. They pretended they were delivering things to different places.
"Look, Lily, I have a big load of blocks for the castle!" Tom said, showing his truck.
"Wow, Tom, that's great! I have a load of dolls for the princess!" Lily said, showing her truck.
They drove their trucks to the castle, which was made of pillows and blankets. They unloaded their loads and had a tea party with the princess.
But they did not see that their dog, Rex, was watching them. Rex was a naughty dog. He liked to chew on things, especially things that were not his. He saw the blocks, balls and dolls on the carpet and thought they were his toys. He ran to them and started to bite them and shake them.
"Hey, Rex, stop that! Those are our toys!" Tom shouted, seeing what Rex was doing.
"Bad dog, Rex! Leave our toys alone!" Lily cried, seeing her dolls being torn.
But Rex did not listen. He was having too much fun. He ripped the blocks, balls and dolls to pieces. He made a big mess on the carpet.
Lily and Tom ran to their toys and tried to save them. But it was too late. Their toys were ruined. They started to cry.
"Mommy, mommy, look what Rex did!" Lily sobbed, holding her broken doll.
"Daddy, daddy, Rex is a naughty dog!" Tom wailed, holding his smashed truck.
Mommy and daddy came to the living room and saw the mess. They saw Rex hiding under the sofa. They saw Lily and Tom crying. They were very angry.
"Rex, you are a very naughty dog! You have destroyed Lily and Tom's toys! You have made them very sad! You have to go to your kennel and stay there!" Mommy scolded Rex.
"Daddy, can you fix our toys?" Tom asked, hoping for a good ending.
"I'm sorry, Tom, but I can't. Your toys are too damaged. You have to throw them away." Daddy said, shaking his head.
Lily and Tom felt a big worry in their hearts. They loved their toys. They did not want to lose them. They did not want to play with Rex anymore. They hugged each other and cried some more. It was a bad ending.