Tom and Anna are friends. They go to the same school. They have an exam tomorrow. The exam is about shiny things. They have to know the names of shiny things and how to polish them.
Tom is wealthy. He has many shiny things at home. He has a big car, a silver watch, a gold ring, and a shiny trophy. He polishes them every day with a soft cloth. He thinks he will do well on the exam.
Anna is not wealthy. She has few shiny things at home. She has a small bike, a copper coin, a brass button, and a glass bead. She polishes them sometimes with a rag. She is not sure if she will do well on the exam.
"Can I come to your house and study with you?" Anna asks Tom.
"Sure, you can come," Tom says. "But you have to bring your own shiny things. I don't want you to touch mine. They are very precious."
Anna feels sad. She thinks Tom is not a good friend. She thinks he is selfish and greedy. She decides to study by herself. She reads her book and looks at the pictures of shiny things. She learns their names and how to polish them.
The next day, they take the exam. The teacher gives them a paper with questions and a box with shiny things. They have to write the names of the shiny things and polish them with a cloth.
Tom is confident. He knows all the names of the shiny things. He polishes them quickly and neatly. He thinks he will get a good grade.
Anna is nervous. She does not know all the names of the shiny things. She polishes them slowly and carefully. She thinks she will get a bad grade.
When the teacher collects the papers and the boxes, she smiles at Anna. She says, "You did a very good job, Anna. You polished the shiny things very well. You made them sparkle and glow. You have a good eye and a gentle hand. You get a high grade."
She frowns at Tom. She says, "You did a poor job, Tom. You polished the shiny things very badly. You made them dull and dirty. You have a bad eye and a rough hand. You get a low grade."
Anna is happy. She thinks she did better than she expected. She thinks she learned something new and useful.
Tom is angry. He thinks he did worse than he deserved. He thinks he knew everything and wasted his time.
Anna and Tom are friends. But they are not the same. They have different things, different skills, and different attitudes. They have to learn from each other and respect each other.