Lily was a daughter who loved her doll very much. She named her doll Anna and took her everywhere. She hugged her, dressed her, and played with her every day. Anna was Lily's best friend and the most important thing to her.
One day, Lily and her mom went to the park. Lily brought Anna with her and put her on a bench while she went to slide. But when she came back, Anna was gone. Lily looked everywhere, but she could not find her. She felt very sad and cried.
"Mommy, where is Anna?" Lily asked. "I want Anna back!"
Mommy hugged Lily and said, "I'm sorry, sweetie. Maybe someone took Anna by mistake. Or maybe she fell off the bench and someone picked her up. We can look for her, but we might not find her."
Lily sobbed. She did not want to lose Anna. She did not want another doll. She wanted Anna.
Mommy saw how much Lily missed Anna. She wanted to make her feel better. She had an idea. She took Lily to a toy store and showed her a shelf full of dolls. They were all different colors, sizes, and styles.
"Look, Lily," Mommy said. "These are all beautiful dolls. You can choose one to replace Anna. You can give her a new name and a new home. She will be your new friend and you will love her too."
Lily looked at the dolls. She saw one that looked like Anna. She had the same brown hair, blue eyes, and pink dress. Lily reached for her and held her in her arms. She felt a little happy.
"Can I have this one, Mommy?" Lily asked.
"Of course, sweetie," Mommy said. "She is yours. What will you name her?"
Lily thought for a moment. She remembered Anna and how much she loved her. She smiled and said, "I will name her Anna too. She is not the same Anna, but she is also important to me. She is my new Anna."
Mommy smiled and kissed Lily. She was glad that Lily found a new friend. She hoped that Lily would always remember the old Anna and be happy with the new Anna. She paid for the doll and they left the store. Lily hugged her new Anna and thanked Mommy.
"Thank you, Mommy," Lily said. "You are the best Mommy in the world. And you are the most important to me too."