Tommy loved balloons. He liked to blow them up and make them big and round. He liked to tie them to his chair and watch them float in the air. He liked to draw faces on them and give them names.
One day, Tommy went to the park with his mom. He saw a man with a lot of balloons. The man was making animals out of the balloons. He twisted and bent them and made them look like dogs, cats, birds, and more. Tommy thought it was very impressive.
"Wow, look at that!" Tommy said to his mom. "Can I have a balloon animal, please?"
"Sure, honey, let's go ask the man," his mom said. They walked over to the man and waited in line.
When it was their turn, the man smiled and said, "Hello, little boy, what's your name?"
"Tommy," Tommy said.
"Nice to meet you, Tommy. What kind of balloon animal would you like?" the man asked.
Tommy looked at all the balloons and thought hard. He wanted something special and different. He had an idea.
"Can you make me a dinosaur?" he asked.
"A dinosaur? That's a big challenge, but I'll try," the man said. He picked a green balloon and started to twist and bend it. He made a long neck, a big body, a long tail, and four legs. He added two eyes, a nose, and a mouth. He gave the balloon dinosaur to Tommy.
"Here you go, Tommy, your very own dinosaur. What are you going to name him?" the man asked.
Tommy looked at his balloon dinosaur and smiled. He had the perfect name for him.
"I'm going to name him Rex," he said.
"Rex, I like it. He's a very impressive dinosaur. I hope you have fun with him," the man said.
"Thank you, mister, you're very nice," Tommy said.
"You're welcome, Tommy, you're very polite," the man said.
Tommy hugged his balloon dinosaur and waved goodbye to the man. He ran back to his mom and showed her his new friend.
"Look, mom, this is Rex. He's a dinosaur. The man made him for me. Isn't he impressive?" he said.
"Yes, he is, Tommy. He's very impressive. And so are you," his mom said. She kissed him on the cheek and held his hand. They walked home together, happy and proud.