Lily and Ben were playing with their toys in the backyard. They had a lot of fun cars, trucks, and trains to make noises and zoom around. But Lily's favorite toy was her crane. It was big and yellow and had a long arm that could lift things up and down.
"Look, Ben, I can put this ball on the crane and make it fly!" Lily said, as she hooked the ball to the crane's arm and pressed a button. The crane lifted the ball high in the air and then lowered it down again.
"Wow, that's cool, Lily! Can I try?" Ben asked, reaching for the crane.
"OK, but be careful. It's my crane and I love it very much," Lily said, handing the crane to Ben.
Ben smiled and took the crane. He looked for something to put on the crane. He saw a small, fluffy, white cat sleeping on a chair. The cat was adorable and looked very soft.
"I know, I'll put the cat on the crane and make it fly too!" Ben said, as he grabbed the cat and tried to hook it to the crane's arm.
But the cat did not like that at all. It hissed and scratched and bit Ben's hand. Ben dropped the cat and the crane and cried out loud.
"Ow, ow, ow! The cat hurt me!" Ben said, holding his hand.
Lily ran to Ben and saw his hand bleeding. She felt sorry for him and hugged him.
"I'm sorry, Ben. The cat didn't want to fly. It was scared and angry. You should not put the cat on the crane. That's not nice," Lily said.
"I'm sorry, Lily. I didn't know the cat would do that. I just wanted to have fun. I'm sorry I broke your crane too," Ben said.
Lily looked at her crane and saw that it was not broken. It was just a little dirty. She picked it up and wiped it with a cloth.
"It's OK, Ben. My crane is fine. It's still big and yellow and can lift things up and down. But next time, let's put something else on the crane. Something that likes to fly. Like a bird or a plane or a kite," Lily said.
"OK, Lily. That sounds like a good idea. I'm sorry I made you and the cat sad. Can we still be friends?" Ben asked.
"Of course, Ben. We are always friends. And the cat is OK too. Look, it's purring on the chair again. It's adorable," Lily said.
They smiled and hugged and went back to playing with their toys. They had a lot of fun with the crane and other things that liked to fly. And they never put the cat on the crane again.