Ben and Lily were playing on the beach. They liked to make sand castles and dig holes. They saw the water go up and down. That was the tide. Sometimes the tide was low and they could see shells and crabs. Sometimes the tide was high and they had to move their sand castles.
One day, they saw something shiny in the water. It was a bottle. Ben was curious. He wanted to see what was inside. He ran to the water and picked up the bottle. He saw a paper in the bottle. He tried to open the bottle, but it was too tight.
"Look, Lily, I found a bottle!" he shouted. "There is a paper inside. Maybe it is a treasure map!"
Lily ran to Ben. She was curious too. She wanted to see the paper. She helped Ben to open the bottle. They pulled and twisted, but the bottle did not open.
"Let me try!" Lily said. She took the bottle from Ben and tried to open it. Ben was angry. He wanted the bottle back.
"Give it to me!" he said. He grabbed the bottle from Lily and tried to open it. Lily was angry too. She wanted the bottle back.
"Give it to me!" she said. She grabbed the bottle from Ben and tried to open it. They pulled and pushed, but the bottle did not open.
They did not see the big wave coming. The wave was high and fast. It hit them and the bottle. The bottle flew out of their hands and into the water. The wave also wet their clothes and their sand castles. They were sad and cold.
They heard a voice behind them. It was their mom. She was not happy. She saw them fighting and disturbing the tide. She saw their wet clothes and their ruined sand castles.
"What are you doing?" she asked. "You are making a mess and a noise. You are disturbing the tide and the animals. You are not being nice to each other. You are not having fun. Come on, we are going home."
Ben and Lily felt sorry. They did not mean to disturb the tide or the animals. They did not mean to be mean to each other. They did not mean to make a mess or a noise. They just wanted to see the paper in the bottle. They wondered what it said. They wondered if they would ever find out. They followed their mom to the car. They hoped to come back to the beach another day. They hoped to find another bottle. They hoped to be more careful and more kind.