Tim and Sam were brothers who liked to play with cars. They had many cars of different colors and sizes. They liked to race them on the floor and make loud noises. Sometimes they fought over who had the faster car or who could make the bigger crash.
One day, their dad came home from work with a surprise. He had a shiny medal around his neck. He said he got it for doing a good job at his office. He showed it to Tim and Sam and let them touch it. It was smooth and heavy and had a star on it.
Tim and Sam wanted to play with the medal. They asked their dad if they could have it. Their dad said no, it was his medal and he wanted to keep it. He said they could look at it, but not take it. He put it on the table and went to the kitchen.
Tim and Sam looked at the medal on the table. They both wanted it very much. They thought it would be fun to wear it or to pretend it was a car. They started to argue about who should get it.
"I saw it first!" Tim said.
"No, I did!" Sam said.
They both reached for the medal at the same time. They pulled and tugged and tried to take it from each other. The medal slipped from their hands and fell on the floor. It made a loud clang.
Their dad heard the noise and came back to the living room. He saw the medal on the floor and Tim and Sam looking guilty. He was very angry.
"What did you do?" he asked.
Tim and Sam did not answer. They were scared of their dad. They thought he would be mad at them and take away their cars.
Their dad picked up the medal and looked at it. He saw a big dent on the star. He felt sad. He said the medal was dead. He said Tim and Sam had broken it and ruined it. He said they were bad boys and they had to go to their room.
Tim and Sam started to cry. They did not mean to break the medal. They did not know it was so important to their dad. They said they were sorry and they loved him. They hugged him and asked him to forgive them.
Their dad hugged them back. He said he was sorry too. He said he loved them and he was proud of them. He said the medal was not dead, it was just a thing. He said they were more important to him than any medal. He said they could still play with it, but they had to be careful and share it.
Tim and Sam smiled. They said thank you and they were happy. They went to their room with the medal and their cars. They played nicely and did not fight. They made the medal a car too and raced it with the others. They said the medal was the fastest and the best car ever.