Tim and Liz are playing with their dolls. Tim has a doll with blue eyes and Liz has a doll with brown eyes. They like to pretend that their dolls are friends and talk to each other.
"Hi, I am Anna. I like your eyes. They are very pretty," Tim says in a high voice, making his doll talk to Liz's doll.
"Thank you, I am Mia. I like your eyes too. They are very bright," Liz says in a low voice, making her doll talk to Tim's doll.
They make their dolls hug and smile. Then Tim has an idea. He wants to see what his doll looks like with brown eyes. He tries to remove one of his doll's eyes with his fingers, but it is very hard. He pulls and pulls, but the eye does not come out.
"Ow, ow, ow! You are hurting me! Stop it, stop it, stop it!" Tim says in a high voice, making his doll cry.
Liz hears the doll cry and looks at Tim. She sees him pulling the eye of his doll. She is shocked and angry. She grabs her doll and moves it away from Tim's doll.
"What are you doing? That is not nice! You cannot remove the eyes of your doll! They are not toys! They are part of your doll! You are making your doll sad!" Liz says in a low voice, scolding Tim.
Tim feels sorry and ashamed. He did not mean to hurt his doll or make Liz mad. He just wanted to try something new. He stops pulling the eye and looks at Liz. He sees that she is upset and that her doll is scared.
"I am sorry, Liz. I am sorry, Mia. I was curious. I wanted to see how Anna looks with brown eyes. I did not know it was hard and painful. I will not do it again. Please forgive me," Tim says in a high voice, apologizing to Liz and her doll.
Liz sees that Tim is sorry and that he learned his lesson. She decides to forgive him and to be his friend again. She moves her doll closer to Tim's doll and makes them hug and smile.
"It is okay, Tim. It is okay, Anna. I forgive you. You are still my friend. But you have to be gentle and careful with your doll. Her eyes are very special. They make her who she is. Just like your eyes make you who you are," Liz says in a low voice, accepting Tim's apology and teaching him a lesson.
Tim nods and smiles. He understands and agrees. He likes his doll and her eyes. He likes Liz and her doll and their eyes. He does not want to remove anything from them. He wants to play with them and have fun. He thanks Liz and Mia and they continue to play with their dolls. They are happy and they are friends.