Lila and Ben were playing in the park. They saw a big tree with many branches and leaves. The tree was very old and had a hole in its trunk.
"Let's go inside the tree," Lila said. "Maybe we can find something cool."
"OK," Ben agreed. They crawled into the hole and looked around. It was dark and dusty. They saw some nuts, some feathers, and some shiny stones.
"Look, Ben, a necklace!" Lila exclaimed. She picked up a string of beads that was hanging from a branch. The beads were different colors and shapes. "It's so pretty!"
"Can I see?" Ben asked. He reached out his hand to touch the necklace. But as he did, he heard a loud hiss. A snake was coiled around the branch, and it was angry. It opened its mouth and showed its fangs.
"Watch out, Ben, a snake!" Lila shouted. She pulled Ben back and squeezed his hand. They ran out of the hole as fast as they could. The snake followed them, slithering and hissing.
"Help, help!" Lila and Ben cried. They ran to their mom, who was sitting on a bench. She saw the snake and grabbed a stick. She swung the stick and hit the snake on its head. The snake let out a final hiss and fell to the ground. It had a cut on its head and blood on its scales.
"Are you OK, kids?" Mom asked. She hugged Lila and Ben and checked them for bites. "That was a very dangerous snake. It was ancient and venomous. You were very brave to run away."
"We're OK, Mom," Lila said. "But we're sorry. We took the necklace from the tree. It was the snake's treasure."
Mom looked at the necklace. It was old and dirty, but it sparkled in the sun. "It's OK, Lila. You didn't know. But you should never take things that don't belong to you. And you should never go into places that are not safe. The tree was the snake's home, and it was protecting it."
"I understand, Mom," Lila said. "Can we give the necklace back to the snake? Maybe it will forgive us."
Mom smiled. "That's very kind of you, Lila. But I don't think the snake will want it anymore. It's too hurt and scared. Maybe we can find another place for the necklace. A place where it can be safe and happy."
"Like a museum?" Ben suggested.
"Or a school?" Lila added.
"Or a library?" Mom said.
They nodded. They decided to take the necklace to a library, where they could learn more about it and share it with others. They hoped the snake would find a new home and a new treasure. And they learned to be more careful and respectful when they explored the park.