Tom was a boy who liked to play with his toys. He had many toys, but his favorite was a big truck. He liked to drive it around and make loud noises. He did not like to share his truck with anyone.
One day, Tom had to go to school. He had to take an exam. An exam is a test that shows what you know. Tom did not like exams. He thought they were hard and boring. He wanted to play with his truck instead.
He took his truck to school and hid it in his backpack. He did not listen to his teacher or his friends. He only thought about his truck. When the exam started, he did not try to answer the questions. He took out his truck and played with it under his desk.
The teacher saw Tom playing with his truck. She was angry. She walked to his desk and took his truck away. She said, "Tom, you are not being a good student. You are not paying attention. You are not doing your exam. You are being selfish and rude. You have to learn to follow the rules and respect others. You cannot have your truck back until you do your exam."
Tom was very sad and mad. He wanted his truck back. He did not care about the exam. He did not care about the rules. He did not care about others. He yelled at the teacher and tried to grab his truck. He pulled it so hard that it broke. He snapped the wheel off. He cried and cried.
The teacher felt sorry for Tom. She said, "Tom, I know you love your truck, but you have to understand that you cannot always do what you want. You have to do what is right and fair. You have to do your exam like the other students. You have to share your toys with your friends. You have to be a regular boy. That is how you grow and learn and have fun. I will help you fix your truck, but first you have to do your exam and say sorry to me and your friends."
Tom realized that he had made a mistake. He felt ashamed and sorry. He said sorry to the teacher and his friends. He did his exam and tried his best. He learned that exams are not so bad. He learned that rules are important. He learned that sharing is nice. He learned to be a regular boy. He was happy and proud. He got his truck back and fixed it with the teacher. He played with his truck and his friends. He had fun. He was a good student. He was a good boy.