Tom and Lily liked to visit their grandpa on his farm. He had many animals, but their favorite was Molly the mule. Molly was brown and white and had long ears. She liked to eat carrots and apples from their hands.
One day, Tom and Lily came to the farm and saw that Molly was not in her stable. They asked their grandpa, "Where is Molly?"
Grandpa looked sad and said, "Molly is gone. She ran away last night. I think she was angry with me."
"Why was she angry?" Lily asked.
"Because I forgot to give her a carrot before bed. She loves carrots, you know. I was very busy and tired and I made a mistake. I miss Molly very much. I hope she comes back soon."
Tom and Lily felt sorry for their grandpa and Molly. They wanted to help. They said, "We will look for Molly. Maybe she is hiding somewhere nearby. Maybe she is hungry and wants a carrot."
They took a basket of carrots and apples and went to look for Molly. They walked around the farm, calling her name. They looked in the fields, in the woods, in the pond. They did not see Molly.
They were about to give up when they heard a loud bray. They followed the sound and found Molly in a small clearing. She was eating some grass and flowers. She looked happy and healthy.
"Molly!" Tom and Lily shouted. They ran to her and hugged her. Molly nuzzled them and licked their faces. She saw the basket of carrots and apples and snorted.
"We are so glad you are okay, Molly. We missed you. Grandpa missed you too. He was angry with himself for forgetting your carrot. He loves you, Molly. Please come back with us." Lily said.
Molly looked at them with her big brown eyes. She seemed to understand. She nodded her head and followed them back to the farm. Grandpa was waiting for them. He was overjoyed to see Molly. He hugged her and apologized to her. He gave her a big carrot and a kiss.
"Thank you, Tom and Lily. You are the best grandkids ever. You found Molly and brought her back. You made me and Molly very happy." Grandpa said.
Tom and Lily smiled. They were happy too. They loved Molly and grandpa. They knew Molly would never run away again. They all went to the stable and had a picnic. They ate carrots and apples and told stories. They were a happy family.