Lila and Ben were twins who lived in a big house with their wealthy parents. They had many toys and books and clothes, but they did not like to share them with each other. They always fought over who got the best things and who had more space in their room.
One day, their mother told them to clean up their mess and put their things away. She said they had too much stuff and they should give some to the poor children who had nothing. Lila and Ben did not want to do that. They said they loved their stuff and they worked hard to get it.
Their mother was angry and said, "You are selfish and greedy. You do not know how to be kind and generous. You should be thankful for what you have and spread some joy to others. If you do not listen to me, I will take away all your stuff and give it away."
Lila and Ben were scared and sad. They did not want to lose their stuff, but they also did not want to share it. They looked at each other with angry eyes and started to argue.
"No, you give away your stuff. You have more than me," said Lila.
"No, you give away your stuff. You have better things than me," said Ben.
They pushed and pulled and shouted and cried. They made a bigger mess and broke some of their toys. Their mother heard the noise and came to their room. She saw the chaos and was very disappointed.
She said, "That's it. You have left me no choice. I will take away all your stuff and give it away. Maybe then you will learn to be grateful and generous."
She took a big bag and started to put their stuff in it. Lila and Ben were shocked and sorry. They realized they had been foolish and mean. They ran to their mother and hugged her.
They said, "We're sorry, Mom. We don't want to lose our stuff, but we don't want to be selfish and greedy either. We want to be kind and generous. Please don't take away our stuff. We will share it with each other and with the poor children. We will spread some joy to others. Please forgive us."
Their mother smiled and hugged them back. She said, "I'm glad you have learned your lesson. I'm proud of you for being willing to change. I won't take away your stuff, but I will help you sort out what you need and what you can give away. Let's do it together and make someone happy."
Lila and Ben nodded and smiled. They felt happy and relieved. They thanked their mother and followed her to the living room. They took out their stuff and decided what to keep and what to donate. They felt good about spreading some joy to others. They also learned to share and appreciate what they had. They became better twins and better children.