Lily and Ben were playing in the kitchen. They liked to pretend they were chefs and make yummy food. They used pots and pans and spoons and bowls. They also used some real food from the fridge, like cheese and eggs and bread.
"Let's make a cake!" said Lily. "We need flour and sugar and butter and milk."
"OK!" said Ben. "I will get the flour and sugar. You get the butter and milk."
They opened the fridge and looked for the butter and milk. But they could not find them. They only saw some green stuff and some smelly stuff and some hard stuff.
"Where is the butter and milk?" asked Lily.
"I don't know," said Ben. "Maybe they are in the freezer."
They opened the freezer and saw some ice and some snow and some frozen food. They also saw a big tub of ice cream.
"Look!" said Ben. "Ice cream! Let's use that instead of butter and milk. It is soft and sweet and cold."
"Good idea!" said Lily. "Let's take it out and put it in the bowl."
They took out the ice cream and put it in the bowl. They added some flour and sugar and mixed them with a spoon. They thought they made a good cake batter.
"Let's bake it in the oven!" said Lily.
"OK!" said Ben. "But we have to be careful. The oven is hot and can burn us."
They turned on the oven and put the bowl inside. They waited for a few minutes. They smelled something funny.
"What is that smell?" asked Lily.
"I don't know," said Ben. "Let's check the cake."
They opened the oven and saw the bowl. The ice cream had melted and the flour and sugar had burned. The cake looked bad and smelled worse.
"Yuck!" said Lily. "That is not a cake. That is a mess."
They frowned and felt sad. They had wasted the ice cream and the flour and the sugar. They had made a bad cake.
They heard a voice behind them.
"What are you doing, kids?" asked Mom.
They turned around and saw Mom. She looked at the bowl and the oven and the fridge and the freezer. She looked at their faces and their clothes and their hands. She looked angry.
"We were trying to make a cake," said Lily.
"But we could not find the butter and milk," said Ben.
"So we used ice cream instead," said Lily.
"But it did not work," said Ben.
Mom sighed and shook her head. She was not happy. She did not like the mess they had made. She did not like the waste they had done. She did not like the danger they had faced.
"Kids, you should not play with the oven and the freezer and the food," she said. "You could have hurt yourselves or spoiled the food or started a fire. You should ask me before you use anything in the kitchen. You should follow a recipe if you want to make a cake. You should not make up your own."
She took out the bowl and threw away the mess. She cleaned the oven and the fridge and the freezer. She washed their faces and their clothes and their hands. She was not happy.
Lily and Ben felt sorry. They knew they had done something wrong. They wanted to make Mom happy. They wanted to make a good cake.
"Mom, we are sorry," said Lily.
"Can we try again?" asked Ben.
Mom looked at them and smiled a little. She was not angry anymore. She loved them. She wanted to teach them.
"OK, kids," she said. "You can try again. But this time, you have to listen to me and do what I say. I will show you how to make a real cake. A cake that is soft and sweet and good. A cake that we can all enjoy."
"Yay!" said Lily and Ben. They hugged Mom and thanked her. They were happy.
They followed Mom and helped her make a real cake. They used the right ingredients and the right tools and the right steps. They baked the cake and decorated it with frosting and sprinkles. They waited for it to cool and then cut a slice for each of them.
They tasted the cake and smiled. It was delicious. It was the best cake ever.
They shared the cake with Mom and Dad and each other. They laughed and talked and had fun. They were happy.
The end.