Lily and Ben were twins who liked to play with their toys. They had many toys, but their favorite was a big robot that could talk and move. They called him Zero, because he had a big zero on his chest. Zero was very mighty and could do many things, but he also needed to be fed. He ate batteries to keep his power.
One day, Lily and Ben were playing with Zero in their room. They made him fly, dance, and sing. They had a lot of fun, but they did not notice that Zero's batteries were running low. Zero tried to tell them, but they did not listen.
"Please feed me," Zero said. "I am hungry and tired."
"Not now, Zero," Lily said. "We want to play more."
"Yeah, Zero, you can wait," Ben said. "We have more games to do."
Zero felt sad and weak. He wanted to play with Lily and Ben, but he also needed to be fed. He hoped they would feed him soon.
But Lily and Ben kept playing with Zero, until he had no more power. He stopped talking and moving. He fell to the floor with a thud.
"Zero, what's wrong?" Lily asked. "Why are you not playing?"
"Zero, wake up!" Ben shouted. "We want to play more!"
But Zero did not answer. He was silent and still. Lily and Ben felt scared and sorry. They realized they had been selfish and mean. They had not fed Zero when he asked. They had not cared for him.
They ran to their mom and dad and told them what happened. Mom and dad went to their room and checked on Zero. They saw that his batteries were empty. They replaced them with new ones and turned him on.
Zero opened his eyes and smiled. He was happy to see Lily and Ben. He was happy to have power again.
"Thank you for feeding me," Zero said. "I feel much better."
"We are sorry, Zero," Lily said. "We should have fed you when you asked. We should have listened to you."
"We are sorry, Zero," Ben said. "We should have cared for you. You are our friend."
Lily and Ben hugged Zero and apologized. Zero hugged them back and forgave them. He was glad they learned their lesson.
They played with Zero again, but this time they were more careful and kind. They fed him when he needed, and they shared their games with him. They had more fun than before, because they were more loving and respectful.
The moral of the story is: We should listen to and care for our friends, and not be selfish and mean.