Lily and Ben were twins who liked to play in their room. They had a big curtain that hung from the ceiling and made a wall in the middle of the room. Sometimes they pretended that the curtain was a door to a different place, like a castle or a jungle or a spaceship.
One day, they decided to play a game of hide and seek. Lily said, "I will count to ten and you hide behind the curtain. Then I will try to find you." Ben nodded and ran behind the curtain. Lily closed her eyes and counted out loud, "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten! Ready or not, here I come!"
Lily opened her eyes and looked around the room. She saw a small bump under the bed, a pile of toys in the corner, and a lamp on the table. She thought, "Where is Ben? Maybe he is under the bed." She walked to the bed and lifted the blanket. But there was no Ben, only a stuffed bear. She said, "Oops, not here!"
She moved to the corner and looked at the toys. She saw a truck, a ball, a doll, and a book. She thought, "Maybe he is behind the toys." She pushed the toys aside and looked behind them. But there was no Ben, only a spider web. She said, "Yuck, not here!"
She walked to the table and looked at the lamp. She saw a cord, a switch, a shade, and a bulb. She thought, "Maybe he is under the lamp." She lifted the lamp and looked under it. But there was no Ben, only a dust bunny. She said, "Ew, not here!"
She scratched her head and wondered, "Where is Ben? He is very good at hiding. Maybe he is behind the curtain." She ran to the curtain and pulled it aside. But there was no Ben, only a big hole. She gasped and said, "Oh no, the curtain is split!"
She heard a giggle from the other side of the hole. She looked through it and saw Ben. He was smiling and holding a pair of scissors. He said, "Surprise! I made a new door. Do you like it?" He was very playful and thought it was funny.
Lily was not amused. She was angry and sad. She said, "Ben, that was not nice. You ruined the curtain. Mom and Dad will be mad. How will we fix it?" She started to cry.
Ben realized that he had made a mistake. He felt sorry and ashamed. He said, "I'm sorry, Lily. I didn't mean to make you cry. I just wanted to have fun. Please don't be mad at me. Maybe we can sew the curtain back together. Or maybe we can find a new curtain. Or maybe we can pretend that the hole is a window. Can we still be friends?"
Lily looked at Ben and saw that he was sincere. She wiped her tears and said, "OK, Ben. I forgive you. But you have to promise not to cut the curtain again. And you have to help me clean up the mess. And you have to let me hide next time. Deal?"
Ben nodded and said, "Deal. I'm sorry, Lily. I love you." He hugged her and said, "You are the best sister ever."
Lily hugged him back and said, "You are the best brother ever. But you are also very naughty. Come on, let's go find Mom and Dad and tell them what happened. Maybe they will not be too mad if we say we are sorry and we will fix it."
They held hands and walked out of the room. They hoped that Mom and Dad would understand. They learned that playing is fun, but not when it hurts someone or something. They also learned that saying sorry and forgiving are important when you make a mistake. They were still twins who liked to play, but they were also more careful and kind.