Sara liked to eat olives. She liked the green ones and the black ones, but her favorite ones were the white ones. They were salty and crunchy and yummy. She always asked her mom to buy white olives for her.
One day, Sara's mom gave her a big jar of white olives. She said, "These are for you, Sara. You can have some every day, but not too many. You have to share with your brother and sister, too. And don't lose the jar, or you will have no more olives."
Sara was very happy. She said, "Thank you, mom. I will be careful with the jar. I will share with Tom and Lily, too." She took the jar to her room and put it on her shelf. She opened it and ate one olive. It was delicious. She ate another one, and another one. She forgot to share with her brother and sister. She forgot to close the jar, too.
The next day, Sara wanted to eat more olives. She went to her room and looked for the jar. But she could not find it. She looked under her bed, in her closet, in her drawers. She looked everywhere. But the jar was gone. She felt sad and scared. She wondered, "Where is my jar of olives? Did I lose it? Did someone take it?"
She ran to her mom and said, "Mom, mom, I can't find my jar of olives. I think I lost it. I'm sorry, mom. I was greedy and I ate too many olives. I didn't share with Tom and Lily. I didn't close the jar. I was not careful. Please help me find it, mom."
Her mom hugged her and said, "Don't worry, Sara. I know where your jar of olives is. I found it on your shelf, open and half-empty. I took it and put it in the fridge, to keep it fresh. You didn't lose it, but you almost did. You were lucky this time, Sara. But you have to learn to be more responsible and generous. You have to share with your brother and sister, and not eat too many olives. You have to close the jar, and not leave it open. You have to be careful with your things, and not lose them. Do you understand, Sara?"
Sara nodded and said, "Yes, mom. I understand. I'm sorry, mom. I will be more responsible and generous. I will share with Tom and Lily, and not eat too many olives. I will close the jar, and not leave it open. I will be careful with my things, and not lose them. Thank you, mom, for finding my jar of olives. Can I have one now, please?"
Her mom smiled and said, "Yes, you can have one now, Sara. But only one. And then you have to go and share with your brother and sister, too. They also like olives, you know. And they will be happy if you share with them. Sharing is caring, Sara. Remember that."
Sara smiled and said, "Yes, mom. I remember that. Sharing is caring. I love you, mom. And I love olives, too. But not more than you." She took one olive from the jar and ate it. It was delicious. She closed the jar and took it to her brother and sister. She said, "Hi, Tom. Hi, Lily. Do you want some olives? I have some white ones. They are yummy. You can have some, too. I want to share with you. Because sharing is caring. And I care about you."
Tom and Lily were surprised and happy. They said, "Thank you, Sara. You are very nice. We want some olives, too. We like white ones, too. They are yummy. You are a good sister. We care about you, too."
They all ate some olives and shared them. They were happy and full. They learned to be more responsible and generous. They learned to be careful with their things and not lose them. They learned to share and care. And they enjoyed their white olives. The end.