Ben and Mia like to play with blocks. They make towers and bridges and houses with the blocks. They have many colors and shapes of blocks. They are happy to share the blocks with each other.
One day, a new kid comes to the playroom. His name is Sam. He sees the blocks and wants to play with them too. But he does not ask nicely. He demands the blocks from Ben and Mia. He says, "Give me those blocks! They are mine! I want them all!"
Ben and Mia are scared and sad. They do not want to give up their blocks. They worked hard to make their towers and bridges and houses. They say, "No, Sam, these are our blocks. We can share with you, but you have to be nice. You have to say please and thank you."
Sam does not listen. He pushes Ben and Mia and grabs their blocks. He throws their towers and bridges and houses to the floor. He makes a big mess. He laughs and says, "Ha ha, I have all the blocks now. I am the best. Look at my pile of blocks. It is impressive."
Ben and Mia cry. They do not like Sam. He is mean and rude. They run to the teacher and tell her what Sam did. The teacher is angry and disappointed. She says, "Sam, that is not how we play. You have to respect the other kids and their things. You have to share and be kind. You have to apologize to Ben and Mia and help them clean up the mess."
Sam is ashamed and sorry. He realizes he was wrong. He says, "I'm sorry, Ben and Mia. I was selfish and mean. I should not have demanded your blocks. I should have asked nicely and played with you. Can you forgive me? Can we be friends?"
Ben and Mia are generous and forgiving. They say, "It's okay, Sam. We accept your apology. We can be friends. We can share our blocks with you. We can make new towers and bridges and houses together."
Sam smiles and hugs Ben and Mia. He says, "Thank you, Ben and Mia. You are nice and friendly. You have impressive blocks. I'm glad we can play together."
The teacher smiles and praises Ben, Mia and Sam. She says, "Well done, kids. You have learned a valuable lesson. You have shown how to be respectful, kind and cooperative. You have formed a group of friends. I'm proud of you."