Tom was a cat who liked to play outside. He ran, jumped and chased birds and mice. He did not like to take baths or brush his fur. He thought he looked fine with his dirty, tangled coat.
One day, it was very cold and windy. Tom wanted to find a warm place to sleep. He saw a big house with a nice garden. He sneaked in through a hole in the fence. He saw a dog house with a soft blanket inside. He thought it was perfect for him.
He crawled into the dog house and curled up on the blanket. He felt cozy and happy. He did not know that the dog house belonged to Rex, a big, friendly dog who lived in the house.
Soon, Rex came back from his walk with his owner. He smelled a strange scent in his dog house. He barked and ran to see who was there. He saw Tom, the dirty cat, sleeping on his blanket. He was angry and scared.
"Who are you? Get out of my house!" Rex growled.
Tom woke up and saw Rex. He was terrified. He hissed and scratched Rex's nose. He tried to run away, but Rex blocked his way.
"Leave me alone! I just wanted to be warm!" Tom cried.
Rex and Tom fought and made a lot of noise. Their owner heard them and came to see what was wrong. He saw Rex and Tom, both hurt and scared. He picked up Tom and took him inside. He cleaned his wounds and gave him some food and water. He also gave him a bath and brushed his fur. He made him look clean and shiny.
He also checked on Rex and gave him a treat and a hug. He told him he was a good boy for protecting his house. He also told him he was sorry for the cat who was lost and cold.
He put Tom in a cage and called the animal shelter. He hoped they would find a good home for him. He felt sorry for him, but he knew he could not keep him. He already had Rex, who was his best friend.
Tom felt warm and full, but also sad and lonely. He wished he had a friend like Rex. He wished he had taken better care of himself. He realized he had been selfish and rude. He shivered in his cage and licked his paw. He hoped someone would love him and teach him how to be a good cat. He learned a hard lesson that day. He learned that being dirty and mean was not fun or smart. He learned that being clean and kind was better for him and others.