Lily and Ben liked to play pirates in the garden. They had a big box that was their ship, and a stick that was their sword. They also had a hook that they found in the shed. It was shiny and sharp, and they pretended it was a treasure.
One day, they decided to go on an adventure to find more treasure. They put on their hats and scarves, and took their ship, sword and hook with them. They walked around the garden, looking for clues. They saw a bird, a flower, a rock, but no treasure.
Then, they saw something shiny under a bush. They ran towards it, hoping it was gold or jewels. But when they got closer, they saw it was a frozen pond. It was very cold and slippery, and they could see fish and plants under the ice.
"Wow, look at that!" Lily said. "Maybe there is treasure under the ice!"
"Let's find out!" Ben said. He took the hook and tried to break the ice with it. He hit the ice hard, but it did not crack. He hit it again, and again, but nothing happened.
"Be careful, Ben!" Lily said. "You might fall in!"
Ben did not listen. He wanted to find the treasure. He hit the ice harder and harder, until he made a small hole. He looked inside, and saw something shiny. He reached for it with his hook, but he lost his balance. He slipped and fell into the pond.
Lily screamed. She saw Ben go under the water. She was very scared. She did not know what to do. She wanted to help Ben, but she did not want to fall in too. She looked around, and saw a big stick. She grabbed it, and ran to the pond. She lay down on the ice, and reached for Ben with the stick.
"Ben, Ben, grab the stick!" she shouted. "I'll pull you out!"
Ben heard Lily's voice. He was very cold and wet. He saw the stick, and grabbed it. Lily pulled him out of the pond. He was shivering and coughing. He dropped the hook, and hugged Lily.
"Thank you, Lily!" he said. "You saved me!"
"I'm sorry, Ben!" Lily said. "I should have been more polite. I should have let you have the hook. It was your treasure."
Ben shook his head. He smiled at Lily. He said, "No, Lily, you are my treasure. The hook was just a hook. It was not worth it. You are my best friend."
They hugged each other, and walked back to their ship. They decided to play pirates another day, when it was warmer and safer. They learned their lesson. They learned to be careful, and to share, and to be polite. They were happy.