Bella was a clever girl who liked to play with fire. She had a box of matches that she hid under her bed. Sometimes, when her mom and dad were busy, she would sneak into her room and light a match. She liked to watch the flame dance and flicker. She thought it was pretty and warm.
One day, she was playing with her matches when she heard a knock on the door. It was her friend Max, who came to visit. Bella quickly blew out the match and hid the box under her bed. She opened the door and smiled at Max.
"Hi, Bella. Can I play with you?" Max asked.
"Sure, Max. Come in," Bella said.
They played with Bella's toys for a while, but Max soon got bored. He looked around the room and saw something shiny under the bed. He crawled under the bed and pulled out the box of matches.
"What's this, Bella?" Max asked.
Bella gasped and ran to the bed. She tried to grab the box from Max, but he was faster. He opened the box and took out a match.
"Max, no! That's dangerous!" Bella shouted.
Max ignored her and struck the match on the box. He watched the flame with curiosity. He moved the match closer to his face.
"Wow, look at this, Bella. It's so bright and hot," Max said.
Bella was scared. She knew that fire could hurt them. She reached for the match, but Max pulled it away.
"Stop it, Max. Give it to me. You'll burn yourself," Bella said.
Max laughed and waved the match in the air. He didn't see the curtain behind him. The flame touched the curtain and set it on fire. The curtain burned quickly and made a lot of smoke.
Max and Bella screamed. They dropped the match and ran to the door. They opened the door and saw Bella's mom and dad in the hallway. They smelled the smoke and saw the fire.
"Bella, Max, what have you done?" Bella's mom yelled.
Bella and Max started to cry. They were sorry and scared. Bella's dad grabbed a fire extinguisher and put out the fire. Bella's mom hugged them and checked if they were hurt.
"Bella, you know you're not supposed to play with matches. They're very dangerous. You could have burned the whole house down. And you, Max, you should have listened to Bella. She was trying to stop you. You're both very lucky that nothing worse happened," Bella's mom said.
Bella and Max nodded. They knew they were wrong. They said they were sorry and promised to never play with fire again.
Bella's mom sighed. She was glad that they were safe, but she was also angry and worried. She wondered how Bella got the matches and why she was so fascinated by fire. She decided to talk to Bella later and teach her about fire safety. She hoped that Bella would be more careful and clever in the future.