Anna and Ben are playing in the park. They like to run and slide and swing. They see a big bus stop near the park. The bus has many seats inside. Anna and Ben want to sit on the bus.
"Can we go on the bus, please?" Anna asks her mom.
"OK, but only for a little while. The bus will leave soon," her mom says.
Anna and Ben run to the bus. They climb the steps and look for a seat. The bus is very organized. The seats are in rows and have numbers. Anna and Ben find two seats next to each other. They sit down and buckle their belts.
"Look, mom, we are on the bus!" Ben says.
"Yes, you are. But remember, we have to get off soon," her mom says.
The bus driver starts the engine. The bus begins to move. Anna and Ben are excited. They look out the window and see the park, the trees, the cars, and the people.
"Wow, this is fun!" Anna says.
Suddenly, the bus stops. The bus driver says something on the speaker. Anna and Ben do not understand. They see the bus driver get off the bus. He walks to the back of the bus. He opens a door and looks inside.
"What is he doing?" Ben asks.
"I don't know. Maybe he is checking something," Anna says.
The bus driver comes back to the front of the bus. He says something else on the speaker. He sounds angry. He points to the door and says, "Everyone, get off the bus now!"
Anna and Ben are scared. They do not want to get off the bus. They like their seats. They hold each other's hands.
"Mom, what is happening?" Anna asks.
"Come on, kids, we have to get off the bus. Something is wrong with the bus. It is not safe to stay here," her mom says.
She takes Anna and Ben by the hand and leads them to the door. They see the other people get off the bus too. They all look worried and confused.
Anna and Ben follow their mom to the sidewalk. They see smoke coming out of the back of the bus. They hear a loud noise. The bus driver says, "The bus is on fire! Everyone, stay away from the bus!"
Anna and Ben are shocked. They hug their mom. They see the fire truck and the police car come to the park. They hear the sirens and the horns. They see the firefighters and the police officers. They see the water and the foam. They see the fire and the smoke.
"Mom, is the bus going to be OK?" Ben asks.
"I don't know, honey. I hope so. But we are OK. That's what matters," her mom says.
She kisses Anna and Ben on the head. She says, "Let's go home. We can play in the park another day."
Anna and Ben nod. They are sad to leave the bus. They liked their seats. They liked the ride. But they are happy to be with their mom. They are happy to be safe. They hold their mom's hand and walk away from the park. They do not look back at the bus. They do not want to see the fire. They want to forget the noise. They want to freeze the moment when they were on the bus and everything was fun.