Jill and Jack love each other very much. They want to marry and live in a big house with a garden. But Jill's dad does not like Jack. He says Jack is not fit for Jill. He says Jack is lazy and rude and does not have a good job.
One day, Jill and Jack decide to run away and marry. They pack their bags and take a bus to the city. They find a nice church and a kind priest who agrees to marry them. But when they are about to say "I do", they hear a loud voice.
"Stop! This is a mistake!" It is Jill's dad. He followed them in his car. He is very angry and wants to take Jill back home. He says Jack is not her husband, he is a thief. He says Jack stole his wallet and his watch.
Jill and Jack are scared and confused. They do not know what to do. They look at each other and hold hands. They say they love each other and they do not believe Jill's dad. They say they want to marry and be happy.
But Jill's dad does not listen. He tries to grab Jill and pull her away from Jack. Jack tries to stop him and they start to fight. The priest and the people in the church are shocked and scared. They call the police.
The police come and stop the fight. They ask Jill and Jack and Jill's dad what is going on. They check Jack's bag and find Jill's dad's wallet and watch. Jack says he did not steal them, he found them on the bus. He says he wanted to give them back to Jill's dad as a gift. He says he is not a thief, he is a good man.
The police do not know who to believe. They say they have to take them all to the station and ask more questions. They say they have to wait until the fog clears, because it is too hard to see and drive. They say they are sorry, but they cannot let Jill and Jack marry today.
Jill and Jack are very sad. They hug each other and cry. They say they do not want to go to the station, they want to go to their big house with a garden. They say they do not care about the fog, they only care about each other. They say they will never give up on their love. They say they will marry someday, no matter what.