Anna and Ben were playing in their room. They liked to pretend they were in different places. Sometimes they were pirates, sometimes they were astronauts, sometimes they were animals. Today they wanted to be spies.
They found a big wardrobe in the corner. It was old and dusty. They opened the door and saw many clothes and shoes. They put on some hats and coats and pretended they were secret agents.
"Shh, we have to be quiet," Anna whispered. "We are on a mission. We have to find the bad guy and stop him."
"OK, let's go," Ben said. He held a flashlight and a toy gun. They crawled out of the wardrobe and looked around. They saw a door that said "Do not enter".
"That must be where the bad guy is hiding," Anna said. "Let's go and catch him."
They opened the door and saw a dark and scary room. There were many machines and wires and bottles. They smelled something sour and nasty.
"Yuck, what is that?" Ben asked.
"I don't know, but it doesn't look good," Anna said. "Maybe the bad guy is making a poison or a bomb. We have to stop him."
They walked into the room and saw a man sitting at a desk. He had a big beard and a mean face. He was typing on a computer.
"Who are you?" the man shouted. "What are you doing here?"
"We are spies," Anna said. "We are here to stop you. You are the bad guy."
The man laughed. "Spies? You are just kids. You don't know anything. You are in big trouble. You have to stay here with me. You can't escape."
He got up and walked towards them. He looked angry and scary.
Anna and Ben were scared. They didn't want to stay with the bad guy. They wanted to escape. They looked for a way out.
They saw a window behind the desk. It was small and high, but maybe they could reach it.
"Quick, follow me," Anna said. She grabbed Ben's hand and ran to the desk. She climbed on a chair and pushed the window open. She saw the garden outside.
"Come on, Ben, we can do it," she said. She helped Ben climb on the chair and then on the window sill. They jumped out of the window and landed on the grass.
They ran away from the house. They were free. They had escaped.
They saw their mom waiting for them outside. She looked worried and angry.
"Anna, Ben, where have you been?" she asked. "What have you done? You are dirty and messy. And what are you wearing?"
Anna and Ben looked at each other. They smiled. They had a great adventure. They were spies.
"Sorry, mom," they said. "We were just playing."