Sara and Ben like to play with their toys. They have many toys, but their favorite is a big train. The train can move on the floor and make noise. Sara and Ben can sign to each other with their hands, because they cannot hear well. They learned sign from their mom and dad.
One day, Sara and Ben want to play with the train, but it does not work. They look at the train and see that the light is off. The light tells them if the train has power. They try to turn the light on, but nothing happens. They are sad and confused.
They go to their mom and sign, "Mom, the train is broken. The light is off. Can you fix it?" Mom smiles and signs, "Don't worry, I can fix it. The train needs new batteries. I have some in the drawer. Wait here, I will be back soon."
Mom goes to the drawer and looks for the batteries. She finds them, but they are not the right size. The train needs big batteries, but she only has small ones. She thinks for a moment and has an idea. She remembers that she has some flexible wires in the garage. She can use them to connect the small batteries to the train.
She goes to the garage and gets the wires. She comes back to Sara and Ben and signs, "I have a solution. I can use these wires to make the small batteries fit the train. Watch me, I will show you how." She takes the wires and wraps them around the small batteries. She makes sure they are tight and secure. Then she attaches the other ends of the wires to the train. She turns the switch and the light comes on. The train starts to move and make noise. Sara and Ben clap and cheer. They sign, "Thank you, mom. You are smart and clever. You fixed the train. We love you." Mom hugs them and signs, "You are welcome, my sweeties. I love you too. Now have fun with your train, but be careful with the wires. They are flexible, but they can break if you pull them too hard." Sara and Ben nod and promise to be careful. They play with their train happily and sign to each other. Mom watches them and smiles. She is proud of her children and their sign.