Ben and Lily were playing with their toy castle in the garden. They liked to pretend they were a king and a queen, and they had many knights and horses and dragons to protect them. They also had a big pair of scissors that they used to cut paper and make flags and banners for their castle.
One day, a new boy moved in next door. His name was Max, and he wanted to play with Ben and Lily. He knocked on the fence and said, "Hello, can I join you?"
Ben and Lily looked at each other and nodded. They liked to make new friends. They invited Max to come over and showed him their castle and their scissors. Max said, "Wow, this is a cool castle. Can I cut something with your scissors?"
Ben and Lily said, "Sure, but be careful. The scissors are sharp and they can hurt you. And don't cut our castle, please. We worked hard to make it."
Max said, "OK, I won't cut your castle. I'll cut something else." He looked around and saw a red pepper that Lily's mom had left on the table. He picked it up and said, "What about this? Can I cut this?"
Ben and Lily said, "No, don't cut that! That's a spicy pepper. It will make your mouth burn and your eyes water. You won't like it."
Max said, "I don't believe you. I like spicy things. I'll cut it and taste it. You'll see." He snipped the pepper with the scissors and put a piece in his mouth.
As soon as he bit the pepper, he felt a fire in his mouth. He spit it out and screamed, "Aaaah! This is too spicy! It hurts! It hurts!" He ran to the hose and sprayed water in his mouth, but it didn't help. He cried and cried and wished he had listened to Ben and Lily.
Ben and Lily felt sorry for Max. They ran to him and gave him some milk and bread. They said, "We're sorry, Max. We tried to warn you. The pepper is very spicy. It's not for kids. Are you OK?"
Max said, "I'm sorry, too. I was silly and rude. I should have listened to you. You were right. The pepper is very spicy. It's not for kids. Thank you for helping me. Can we still be friends?"
Ben and Lily said, "Of course we can. We're glad you're OK. Come on, let's play with our castle. But no more cutting peppers, OK?"
Max said, "OK, no more cutting peppers. Let's play with your castle. It's very cool. Can I be a knight?"
Ben and Lily said, "Sure, you can be a knight. We'll have a lot of fun."
And they did. They played with their castle and their scissors and their pepper, but they never cut it again. They learned their lesson. And they became good friends. The end.