Lily and Tom were playing with blocks in the living room. They liked to build towers and houses with the blocks. Lily had a lot of red blocks and Tom had a lot of blue blocks.
"Can I have some of your red blocks, please?" Tom asked Lily. He wanted to make a rainbow tower with different colors.
"No, they are mine!" Lily said. She did not want to share her blocks with Tom. She wanted to keep them all for herself.
Tom was sad. He did not have enough blocks to make his tower. He looked around and saw a box of matches on the table. He had an idea. He took some matches and put them on his blue blocks. He thought they looked like red blocks.
"Look, I have red blocks too!" Tom said. He was happy. He started to make his tower with the matches and the blue blocks.
But matches are not toys. They are dangerous. They can make fire. Lily saw what Tom was doing and got scared.
"Tom, stop! Those are not blocks, those are matches! They can burn you and the house!" Lily shouted. She ran to Tom and tried to take the matches away from him.
But Tom did not listen. He wanted to finish his tower. He pushed Lily away and kept building. He was fast. He did not see that one of the matches was close to a candle on the table. The candle was lit.
Suddenly, the match caught fire. It made a big flame. The flame jumped to the other matches and the blue blocks. Tom's tower was on fire. Tom was shocked. He dropped the matches and ran away. He was scared.
Lily saw the fire and screamed. She ran to the kitchen and got a bucket of water. She threw the water on the fire and put it out. She was brave.
She looked at Tom and said, "Tom, you were very silly. You should not play with matches. They are not toys. They are dangerous. You could have hurt yourself and the house. You should listen to me when I tell you something. And you should ask nicely for things, not take them. Sharing is good. Being greedy is bad."
Tom felt sorry. He realized he was wrong. He said, "Lily, I'm sorry. You are right. I should not play with matches. They are not toys. They are dangerous. I should listen to you when you tell me something. And I should ask nicely for things, not take them. Sharing is good. Being greedy is bad."
He hugged Lily and said, "Thank you for saving me and the house. You are a good sister. Can we share the blocks and play together?"
Lily smiled and said, "Yes, we can. I'm glad you are okay. You are a good brother. Let's share the blocks and play together."
They hugged and played with the blocks. They made a rainbow tower with different colors. They were happy. They learned a lesson. The end.