Sara loved to play princess. She had a pink dress, a shiny crown and a magic wand. She liked to pretend that she was the ruler of a big castle and that everyone was her friend.
One day, she heard a knock on the door. She ran to open it, hoping it was someone who wanted to play with her. But when she saw who it was, she felt scared. It was a big boy with a mean face and a loud voice. He said, "I am the dragon. I have come to take your castle and your wand. Give them to me or I will breathe fire on you!"
Sara did not want to give up her things. She said, "No, you are not a dragon. You are a bully. Go away or I will call my knight!"
The boy laughed. He said, "You have no knight. You are alone and weak. I am the strongest and the bravest. I will take what I want and you can't stop me!"
He pushed Sara aside and entered the house. He grabbed her wand and her crown and ran to the backyard. He climbed on the swing and shouted, "I am the king of the castle and you are the dirty rascal!"
Sara felt sad and angry. She wished she had a real knight to help her. She looked around and saw her bike. She had an idea. She got on her bike and pedaled as fast as she could. She followed the boy to the backyard. She saw him swinging with her things. She yelled, "Stop, thief! Give me back my things!"
The boy saw her and smirked. He said, "You can't catch me. You are too slow and too small. I am the dragon and you are the princess. And you know what dragons do to princesses? They eat them!"
He jumped off the swing and ran towards Sara. He opened his mouth and made a roaring sound. He tried to scare her, but Sara was not scared anymore. She was brave. She lifted her bike and threw it at him. The bike hit him on the head and made him fall to the ground. He dropped her wand and her crown. He cried and said, "Ow, ow, ow! That hurt! You are mean! You are not a princess. You are a monster!"
Sara picked up her things and said, "No, I am a princess. And you are not a dragon. You are a bully. And you know what princesses do to bullies? They teach them a lesson!"
She waved her wand and said, "Abracadabra, alakazam! I wish you would be nice and kind and never bother me again!"
The boy felt a strange tingling in his body. He looked at Sara and felt sorry for what he did. He said, "I'm sorry, Sara. I was wrong. I was mean. I don't want to be a bully. I want to be your friend. Can you forgive me?"
Sara smiled and said, "Yes, I can forgive you. But you have to promise to be nice and kind and never bother me again. And you have to share your toys and play fair. And you have to say sorry to everyone you hurt. Do you promise?"
The boy nodded and said, "I promise, Sara. I promise. Can we play together?"
Sara said, "Yes, we can play together. But not as a dragon and a princess. As friends."
They hugged and went inside the house. They played with Sara's toys and had a lot of fun. They learned to be nice and kind and never bother each other again. And they lived happily ever after.