Sara and Tom were playing with their toys in the living room. Sara had a doll and Tom had a car. They liked to imagine that they were going on adventures with their toys.
"Let's go to the jungle!" Sara said. "We can see wild animals and plants!"
"OK!" Tom said. "But we have to be careful. The jungle is dangerous!"
They took their toys and some pillows and blankets and made a jungle fort on the couch. They pretended that the pillows were trees and the blankets were vines. They made animal noises and had fun.
But then Sara saw a sticker on Tom's car. It had a label that said "Tom's car". She wanted the sticker for her doll.
"Give me that sticker!" Sara said. "It is pretty and shiny. I want it for my doll!"
"No!" Tom said. "It is mine! It is on my car. You can't have it!"
They started to fight over the sticker. They pulled and pushed and shouted. They forgot about their jungle adventure. They knocked over the pillows and blankets and made a mess.
Their mom heard the noise and came to the living room. She saw the mess and the fighting children. She was not happy.
"What are you doing?" she asked. "Why are you fighting over a sticker? Don't you know how to share?"
Sara and Tom stopped fighting. They felt ashamed. They knew they had been selfish and rude.
"We're sorry, mom," they said. "We were playing jungle, but then we wanted the sticker."
Mom picked up the sticker and showed it to them. "This is just a label," she said. "It is not very important. What is important is your friendship and your imagination. You can have more fun if you play together and share your toys and your ideas. Do you understand?"
Sara and Tom nodded. They understood. They hugged each other and said sorry. They gave the sticker to mom and asked her to put it away.
"Can we play jungle again?" Sara asked.
"Sure," Tom said. "But this time, let's share and be nice."
They smiled and picked up their toys and their pillows and blankets. They made their jungle fort again and continued their adventure. They learned their lesson. They were happy.