Tom and Sue are playing with cars on the floor. They have a big box of cars and they make them go fast and slow and crash and beep. Tom likes the red car and Sue likes the blue car. They have fun with the cars.
But then Tom sees a shiny car in the box. It is yellow and has a big oil can on the back. Tom wants the shiny car. He grabs it from the box and says, "This is my car now. It is the best car. It has oil and it can go very fast."
Sue is sad. She likes the shiny car too. She says, "No, Tom, that is not fair. You have the red car and I have the blue car. We can share the shiny car. It is not your car only. Please give it to me."
Tom does not want to share. He says, "No, Sue, go away. This is my car and I will not give it to you. You can play with the other cars. This car is mine." He holds the shiny car tight and makes it zoom on the floor.
Sue is angry. She says, "Tom, you are mean. You are not a good friend. You have to share the cars. If you do not share, I will not play with you." She tries to take the shiny car from Tom, but he pushes her away.
They start to fight over the shiny car. They pull and tug and shout and cry. They do not hear their mom coming into the room. She sees them fighting and she is not happy. She says, "Stop, Tom and Sue, stop! What are you doing? Why are you fighting over a car? You have so many cars to play with. You should be nice to each other and share. Give me the shiny car now."
Tom and Sue stop fighting. They look at their mom and they feel sorry. They say, "Sorry, mom. We were bad. We wanted the shiny car and we did not share. We will be good now. We will play with the cars together."
Their mom smiles and says, "That's good, Tom and Sue. I'm glad you are sorry. You can have the shiny car, but you have to take turns. You can play with it for five minutes each, and then you have to give it to the other. Do you understand?"
Tom and Sue nod and say, "Yes, mom. We understand. We will take turns. We will share the shiny car. Thank you, mom."
Their mom gives them the shiny car and says, "You're welcome, Tom and Sue. You are lucky to have so many cars and each other. Now go and play nicely and have fun."
Tom and Sue hug their mom and say, "We love you, mom. You are the best mom."
They take the shiny car and go back to the floor. They play with the cars and they share the shiny car. They are happy and they are friends. They have fun with the cars.