Tom and Lily were playing in the garden. They had many blocks and they wanted to build a big house. Tom found a book on the grass. It had many pictures of animals and colors.
"Look, Lily, a book!" Tom said. He opened the book and showed it to Lily.
"Wow, a book! Can I see?" Lily asked. She reached for the book, but Tom pulled it away.
"No, it is my book. I found it first," Tom said. He was selfish and did not want to share.
Lily was sad and angry. She wanted to see the book too. She had an idea. She grabbed some blocks and threw them at Tom's house. The blocks hit the house and made it fall down. Tom's house was ruined.
"Hey, stop it! You are careless and mean!" Tom shouted. He was shocked and upset. He loved his house and worked hard to build it.
Lily did not stop. She threw more blocks at Tom and his book. The book flew out of Tom's hands and landed on the dirt. The pages got dirty and torn.
"Look what you did! You broke my book!" Tom cried. He ran to the book and tried to clean it. He was sorry and sad. He liked the book and wanted to read it.
Lily saw Tom's tears and felt sorry too. She realized she was wrong and mean. She stopped throwing blocks and walked to Tom.
"I'm sorry, Tom. I was careless and mean. I should not have thrown blocks at you and your book. Can you forgive me?" Lily said. She was sincere and sorry.
Tom looked at Lily and saw her sorry face. He felt sorry too. He knew he was selfish and did not want to share. He hugged Lily and said, "I'm sorry too, Lily. I was selfish and did not want to share. I forgive you. Can you forgive me?"
Lily hugged Tom back and said, "I forgive you, Tom. Can we be friends again?"
Tom nodded and said, "Yes, we can be friends again. And we can share the book and the blocks. Do you want to help me build a new house?"
Lily smiled and said, "Yes, I want to help you build a new house. And we can read the book together too."
Tom and Lily were happy and friends again. They picked up the blocks and the book and went to build a new house. They learned to share and be careful. They had fun and enjoyed the book and the blocks.