Anna loves to play dress up with her dolls. She has many dolls, but her favorite is Lily. Lily is a famous fashion doll who has many clothes and shoes and hats. Anna likes to try different outfits on Lily and make her look pretty.
One day, Anna decides to have a fashion show with Lily. She puts a pink dress, a blue scarf and a yellow hat on Lily and says, "You look so nice, Lily! Do you want to walk on the stage?" Lily nods and smiles. Anna takes Lily by the hand and walks to the living room, where she has set up a stage with a chair and a curtain.
Anna says, "Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the fashion show! Our first model is Lily, the famous fashion doll! She is wearing a pink dress, a blue scarf and a yellow hat. Isn't she lovely?" Anna makes Lily walk on the stage and strike a pose. She claps and cheers for Lily.
But then, Anna hears a loud noise from the kitchen. She turns and sees her brother Tom, who has knocked over a bowl of cereal. Tom is covered in milk and cereal and looks very messy. He says, "Oops, sorry, Anna. I was hungry and I wanted some cereal."
Anna is angry. She says, "Tom, you are so clumsy! You ruined my fashion show! Go away!" She runs to the kitchen and grabs a spoon. She chases Tom with the spoon and tries to strike him. Tom runs away and laughs. He says, "Anna, you are so silly! It's just a game! Don't be mad!"
Anna and Tom run around the house, making a lot of noise. Their mom hears them and comes to see what is going on. She sees Anna with the spoon, Tom with the cereal, and Lily on the stage. She says, "What are you two doing? You are making a big mess! Stop fighting and clean up!"
Anna and Tom stop and look at their mom. They say, "Sorry, mom. We were just playing." They put the spoon and the cereal away and help each other clean up. They also pick up Lily and her clothes and put them back in Anna's room. They say, "We love you, mom. And we love Lily, too. She is the best fashion doll ever!" Mom smiles and hugs them. She says, "I love you, too. And I love your fashion show. It was very creative and fun. But next time, please be more careful and respectful of each other." Anna and Tom nod and say, "OK, mom. We will." They kiss mom and go back to their room. They play with Lily and have another fashion show, but this time, they invite Tom to join them. They have a lot of fun and make Lily strike many poses. They are happy and proud of their fashion show. The end.