Lily and Max were best friends. They liked to play with their toys together. Lily had a big dinosaur that roared and moved. Max had a small dinosaur that was quiet and still. Max wished he had a big dinosaur like Lily.
One day, Lily and Max went to the park. They brought their dinosaurs with them. Lily put her big dinosaur on the slide and made it roar. Max put his small dinosaur on the swing and pushed it gently. Lily saw Max and laughed. "Your dinosaur is so boring!" she said. "My dinosaur is much better!"
Max felt sad. He wanted to play with Lily, but she ignored him. She only played with her big dinosaur. She did not share or talk to Max. Max tried to join her, but she pushed him away. "Go away, Max!" she said. "You and your dinosaur are no fun!"
Max felt angry. He was envious of Lily and her big dinosaur. He wanted to make her feel bad too. He waited until Lily was not looking. Then he grabbed her big dinosaur and ran away. He hid behind a tree and smiled. "Now I have the big dinosaur!" he said.
Lily saw that her big dinosaur was gone. She looked around and saw Max behind the tree. She ran after him and shouted. "Give me back my dinosaur, Max!" she said. "That is mine!"
Max did not listen. He held the big dinosaur tightly and ran away. He did not see the big dog that was chasing him. The big dog barked and jumped on Max. It bit the big dinosaur and tore it apart. Max screamed and dropped the dinosaur. He ran back to Lily and cried. "I'm sorry, Lily!" he said. "I'm sorry!"
But Lily was too angry and sad to forgive him. She saw her big dinosaur in pieces. She picked up the pieces and hugged them. She glared at Max and said. "You are a bad friend, Max!" she said. "You ruined my dinosaur! I don't want to play with you ever again!"
Max felt sorry and scared. He had no dinosaur and no friend. He wished he had been nice to Lily and her big dinosaur. He wished he had not been envious and mean. He wished he could go back and change everything. But he could not. He had made a big mistake. And he had to live with it.