It was evening and Ben was very excited. He had a big cake with candles and a new toy car. It was his birthday and he wanted to celebrate with his family and friends. He put on his party hat and ran to the living room.
"Happy birthday, Ben!" his mom and dad said. They hugged him and gave him a big kiss. His grandma and grandpa were there too, and they smiled and clapped. Ben felt very happy and loved.
"Can I open my presents now?" he asked.
"Of course, sweetie. But first, let's sing happy birthday and blow out the candles," his mom said. She lit the candles and everyone sang. Ben made a wish and blew hard. The candles went out and everyone cheered.
"Yay, Ben! You did it!" his dad said. He lifted him up and spun him around. Ben giggled and hugged his dad.
"Thank you, thank you!" he said. He put down his dad and ran to the table. He saw many colorful boxes and bags. He opened them one by one and found books, clothes, puzzles, and more toys. He thanked everyone for their gifts and played with them.
He was having so much fun that he didn't notice the time. His mom came and said, "Ben, it's time for bed. You had a long and busy day. You need to rest."
"But mom, I want to play more. Please, please, please," he begged.
"Sorry, Ben. You have to listen to me. It's late and you have school tomorrow. Come on, let's brush your teeth and put on your pajamas," his mom said. She took his hand and led him to the bathroom.
Ben pouted and whined. He didn't want to go to bed. He wanted to stay up and celebrate more. He thought of a naughty idea. He pretended to brush his teeth and put on his pajamas, but he hid his toy car under his pillow. He said good night to his mom and dad and grandma and grandpa. He waited for them to leave his room and close the door.
Then he took out his toy car and turned it on. It made loud noises and flashed lights. He zoomed it around his bed and under his blanket. He laughed and said, "This is fun. I'm not sleepy. I'm still celebrating."
But he didn't know that his mom heard the noises and saw the lights. She opened the door and saw him playing with his toy car. She was not happy. She said, "Ben, what are you doing? You are being very naughty. You are supposed to be sleeping. Give me that toy car right now."
Ben was scared and ashamed. He knew he did something wrong. He said, "I'm sorry, mom. I just wanted to play more. I like my toy car. Please don't be mad at me."
His mom sighed and said, "I'm not mad at you, Ben. I love you. But you have to follow the rules. Playing is good, but sleeping is important too. You need to sleep to grow and learn and be healthy. And you need to respect me and do what I say. Do you understand?"
Ben nodded and said, "Yes, mom. I understand. I'm sorry. I love you too."
His mom smiled and said, "That's good, Ben. I'm proud of you. Now, give me a hug and a kiss and go to sleep. I'll put your toy car away and you can play with it tomorrow. Good night, Ben. Sweet dreams."
Ben hugged and kissed his mom and said, "Good night, mom. Sweet dreams." He lay down on his bed and closed his eyes. He felt tired and sleepy. He thought of his birthday and how much fun he had. He also thought of his mom and how much she cared for him. He felt happy and grateful. He fell asleep and dreamed of his toy car.