Lila and her mom went to the park. Lila liked to play on the swings and the slide. She wore a pink skirt with flowers on it. She felt happy and pretty.
"Mom, look at me!" Lila shouted as she swung high in the air. "I can go faster than the birds!"
Mom smiled and clapped her hands. "You are very brave, Lila. But be careful not to fall."
Lila nodded and swung harder. She felt the wind in her hair and the sun on her face. She leaned back and forth to make the swing go higher. She felt like she was flying.
But then, she leaned too far and lost her grip. She fell off the swing and landed on the grass. She scraped her knee and tore her skirt. She felt a sharp pain and a wet tear. She cried out loud.
Mom ran to her and hugged her. She checked her knee and wiped her tear. She kissed her and said, "It's okay, Lila. You are not badly hurt. Just a little scratch. And your skirt can be fixed. Don't worry."
Lila sniffled and hugged her mom back. She felt better and calmer. Mom took out a band-aid and a cookie from her bag. She put the band-aid on Lila's knee and gave her the cookie. "Here, have a bite. It's tasty. It will make you feel good."
Lila took the cookie and bit into it. It was chocolate chip and crunchy. It was tasty. She smiled and said, "Thank you, mom. You are the best."
Mom smiled and said, "You are welcome, Lila. You are the best, too. Now, do you want to play some more, or go home?"
Lila thought for a moment. She still liked the park, but she also wanted to rest. She said, "Let's go home, mom. I'm tired. And I want to show dad my band-aid and my cookie."
Mom nodded and said, "Okay, let's go home, then. Dad will be happy to see you. And maybe he will have a surprise for you, too."
Lila and her mom held hands and walked to the car. Lila felt happy and loved. She had a good day at the park, even if she fell off the swing. She learned to lean, but not too much. She learned to be brave, but also careful. And she learned that mom was always there for her, with a kiss, a band-aid, and a tasty cookie.