One day, Ben and Lily went to the park with their mom. They saw a big board with many colors and pictures on it. It was a board for a game.
"Can we play, mom?" Ben asked.
"Sure, but you have to be brave, because the game is about finding things that are hidden," mom said.
Ben and Lily nodded. They liked to find things. Mom gave them each a card with a picture on it. Ben had a picture of a ball, and Lily had a picture of a flower.
"Look at the board and find the same picture as on your card. When you find it, touch it and say 'I found it!'. But be careful, because some pictures are tricky and look like other things," mom explained.
Ben and Lily started to look at the board. They saw many pictures of animals, fruits, toys, and shapes. They had to look very hard.
"I found it!" Lily shouted. She touched a picture of a flower that was next to a picture of a butterfly. "It's a flower, like on my card!"
"Good job, Lily!" mom said. "You are very brave and smart!"
Ben looked at his card. He saw a picture of a ball that was red and blue. He looked at the board and saw many balls, but none of them were red and blue. He felt sad and confused.
"Where is my ball?" he asked.
"Keep looking, Ben. You can do it. You are very brave and smart, too!" mom said.
Ben looked again. He saw a picture of a balloon that was red and blue. He thought it was a ball, but then he saw a string on it. He knew that balloons had strings and balls did not. He looked some more. He saw a picture of a clown that had a red and blue hat. He thought it was a ball, but then he saw a face on it. He knew that clowns had faces and balls did not. He looked some more. He saw a picture of a car that had red and blue wheels. He thought it was a ball, but then he saw a door on it. He knew that cars had doors and balls did not. He looked some more.
"I found it!" Ben shouted. He touched a picture of a ball that was red and blue. It was hidden behind a picture of a tree. "It's a ball, like on my card!"
"Good job, Ben!" mom said. "You are very brave and smart, too!"
Ben and Lily smiled. They were happy. They liked to play the game. They thanked mom and asked for another card. They wanted to find more things on the board.