Lily and Ben were playing with their toys in the living room. Lily had a doll and Ben had a car. They were having fun, but they wanted to try something new.
"Let's play with the laser!" Ben said. He pointed to a shiny thing on the shelf. It looked like a pen, but it had a button and a light.
"What is a laser?" Lily asked.
"It is a thing that makes a sharp light. It can cut things and make holes. It is cool!" Ben said.
He took the laser and pressed the button. A red light came out of the tip. He moved it around and made shapes on the wall.
"Wow!" Lily said. She wanted to try it too. She reached for the laser, but Ben pulled it away.
"No, it is mine! You can't have it!" Ben said.
He ran to the other side of the room and pointed the laser at Lily's doll. He pressed the button and the sharp light hit the doll's hair. The hair started to smoke and smell bad.
"Hey, stop it! You are hurting my doll!" Lily said. She was angry and sad. She ran to Ben and tried to grab the laser from him.
They both pulled and pushed, but the laser was slippery. It slipped out of their hands and fell on the floor. The button was still pressed and the sharp light kept coming out. It hit the sofa, the carpet, the curtains, and the lamp. Everything started to burn and make noise.
"Uh-oh!" Ben and Lily said. They were scared and sorry. They dropped their toys and ran to the door. They shouted for their mom and dad.
Mom and dad came and saw the fire. They were shocked and mad. They grabbed the laser and turned it off. They called the firemen and the watermen. They put out the fire and cleaned the mess.
They looked at Ben and Lily with stern faces. They said, "What were you thinking? That laser is not a toy! It is a dangerous tool! It is sharp and hot and can hurt you and the house! You are very naughty and foolish! You are grounded and you have to say sorry!"
Ben and Lily felt ashamed and guilty. They said, "We are sorry, mom and dad. We didn't know. We were bored and curious. We wanted to play with the laser. We won't do it again. We love you."
Mom and dad hugged them and said, "We love you too, but you have to be careful and listen to us. We don't want you to get hurt or to ruin things. The laser is not for playing. It is for working and learning. Maybe when you are older and smarter, we can show you how to use it properly. But for now, you have to play with your toys and have fun in a safe way."
Ben and Lily nodded and said, "Okay, mom and dad. We understand. We will play with our toys and have fun in a safe way."
They went back to the living room and picked up their toys. They looked at the laser and thought, "Maybe it is not so cool after all. Maybe it is boring and dangerous. We don't want to play with it anymore. We have better things to play with."