Tim and Sam were brothers. They liked to play catch with a ball in the park. One day, they saw a big truck with a picture of pizza on it. They smelled the cheese and the sauce and they felt hungry.
"Let's go get some pizza!" Tim said.
"OK, but we have to be quick. Mom will be here soon to pick us up," Sam said.
They ran to the truck and saw a man with a hat and a shirt that said "Pizza Guy". He was holding a big box of pizza.
"Hello, boys. Do you want some pizza?" the man asked.
"Yes, please!" Tim and Sam said.
The man smiled and opened the box. He showed them the pizza. It had cheese, pepperoni, mushrooms, and olives. It looked yummy.
"That will be five dollars, please," the man said.
Tim and Sam looked at each other. They did not have any money. They only had their ball.
"Sorry, we don't have any money," Tim said.
The man frowned and closed the box. He put it back in the truck.
"Then you can't have any pizza. Go away, boys. I have to deliver this pizza to someone else," the man said.
Tim and Sam felt sad and angry. They wanted the pizza so much. They had an idea.
"Hey, Sam, let's play catch with the ball. Maybe the man will change his mind and give us some pizza," Tim whispered.
"OK, Tim, let's try," Sam whispered back.
They pretended to play catch with the ball. They threw it back and forth, but they were not careful. They threw it too hard and too far. They wanted the ball to hit the pizza box and make it fall.
The man did not notice them. He was busy talking on his phone. He did not see the ball flying towards him.
The ball hit the pizza box with a loud thud. The box flew out of the man's hands and landed on the ground. The pizza slid out of the box and got dirty and smashed.
The man dropped his phone and looked at the pizza. He was very angry. He saw Tim and Sam laughing and pointing at him.
"Hey, you little brats! You ruined my pizza! You owe me five dollars and a new pizza!" the man yelled.
He ran towards Tim and Sam. He was very big and strong. He looked scary.
Tim and Sam stopped laughing. They felt scared. They tried to run away, but the man was faster. He caught them by their shirts and lifted them up.
"Now you will pay for what you did. I will teach you a lesson you will never forget," the man said.
He dragged them to his truck. He opened the door and threw them inside. He locked the door and drove away.
Tim and Sam cried and screamed. They did not know where the man was taking them. They wished they had never tried to get the pizza. They wished they had listened to their mom. They wished they had been good boys.