Tom and Mia like to play with crayons. They have many colors of crayons. They like to mark on paper and make pictures. Sometimes they mark on the wall, but Mom does not like that.
One day, Tom and Mia find a big paper in the basement. They think it is a good place to mark. They take their crayons and go to the basement. They start to mark on the paper. They make a big red monster with sharp teeth and scary eyes.
"Look, Mia, I made a monster!" Tom says.
"Wow, Tom, your monster is very red and very big!" Mia says.
They are happy with their monster. They mark more things on the paper. They make a blue sky, a green grass, and a yellow sun. They make a pink house, a purple car, and a brown dog. They make a lot of things.
But then they hear a noise. It is Mom. She is coming to the basement. She sees the paper and the crayons. She sees the monster and the other things.
"Tom, Mia, what are you doing?" Mom says. She is not happy.
Tom and Mia are scared. They think Mom will be mad at them. They hide behind the paper.
"Mom, we are sorry, we just wanted to mark," Tom says.
"Mom, we made a monster and other things, do you like them?" Mia says.
Mom looks at the paper. She sees the monster and the other things. She sees the colors and the shapes. She sees the crayons and the paper. She thinks for a moment.
"Tom, Mia, I know you like to mark, but you should not mark on the wall or on things that are not yours. You should ask me first if you can mark on something. Do you understand?" Mom says.
Tom and Mia nod. They understand.
"Mom, we are sorry, we will not mark on the wall or on things that are not yours. We will ask you first if we can mark on something. We understand," Tom and Mia say.
Mom smiles. She is not mad anymore.
"Tom, Mia, I am glad you understand. And I have to say, your monster and your other things are very creative and very colorful. You are good at marking. You have a lot of imagination. I am proud of you," Mom says.
Tom and Mia smile. They are happy.
"Mom, thank you, we are happy. We like to mark. We have a lot of imagination. We are proud of you too," Tom and Mia say.
Mom hugs Tom and Mia. She takes the paper and the crayons. She says they can keep the paper and hang it on their room. She says they can mark on the paper again, but only with her permission. She says they can also mark on other papers that she will give them. She says they can have fun with their crayons, but they have to be careful and respectful.
Tom and Mia agree. They say they will be careful and respectful. They say they will have fun with their crayons. They say they love Mom.
Mom loves Tom and Mia. They go upstairs. They hang the paper on their room. They look at the monster and the other things. They are proud of their work. They are happy. They mark.