Tom and Lily liked to play with their toy cars and trucks. They had many different colors and sizes. They made roads and bridges with blocks and books. They zoomed and honked and crashed their toys.
One day, they decided to play a new game. They called it "guard the treasure". They found a shiny box and filled it with their prettiest toys. They put the box in the middle of the room and made a circle of cars and trucks around it. They said, "This is our treasure and we are the guards. No one can take it from us."
But their dog, Spot, was curious. He saw the shiny box and wanted to see what was inside. He walked towards the circle of cars and trucks. Tom and Lily saw him and shouted, "Stop, Spot! You can't have our treasure!" But Spot did not listen. He pushed his nose through the circle and knocked over some cars and trucks. He opened the box and saw the toys. He liked them and wanted to play with them.
He grabbed a toy bear and ran away. Tom and Lily chased him and tried to get the bear back. But Spot was faster and ran around the room. He scattered the toys everywhere. He made a big mess. Tom and Lily were angry and sad. They said, "Bad dog, Spot! You ruined our game!"
Spot did not understand. He thought they were playing with him. He wagged his tail and barked. He dropped the bear and picked up a toy ball. He threw it in the air and caught it. He was having fun.
Tom and Lily stopped chasing him. They saw how happy he was. They felt sorry for him. They said, "Maybe Spot is lonely. Maybe he wants to play with us." They picked up some toys and joined him. They threw the ball and the bear and the other toys. They laughed and hugged him. They said, "We love you, Spot. You can be our friend."
They played until they were tired. They cleaned up the mess and put the toys back in the box. They made a new circle of cars and trucks around it. They said, "This is still our treasure and we are still the guards. But Spot can share it with us. He is our guard dog." They cuddled with him and fell asleep. They had a good day.