Lily and Ben were twins who liked to play outside in the snow. They had long scarves, warm hats and cozy mittens to keep them from getting cold. One day, they decided to make a snowman together. They rolled big balls of snow and stacked them on top of each other. They found a carrot, some buttons and a hat to decorate their snowman.
"Look, our snowman is done!" Lily said. "He is so big and nice!"
"Yes, he is!" Ben agreed. "But he needs something else. He needs a scarf like ours!"
Ben looked around and saw a red scarf hanging on a fence. He ran over and grabbed it. He did not see the sign that said "Please do not touch. This is Mrs. Brown's scarf."
"Ben, where did you get that scarf?" Lily asked. "That is not ours!"
"It does not matter. It is just a scarf. No one will miss it." Ben said. He wrapped the scarf around the snowman's neck. He thought it looked good.
Lily felt bad. She knew that taking something that was not yours was wrong. She wanted to tell Ben to give the scarf back, but she was afraid he would get angry.
Just then, Mrs. Brown came out of her house. She saw her scarf on the snowman and was very upset.
"Hey, you two! What are you doing with my scarf?" She shouted. "That is mine! You have no right to take it!"
She walked over and pulled the scarf off the snowman. She was so angry that she did not see Lily's mitten that was stuck to the scarf. She cut the mitten with her nails and tore it apart.
"Ow, ow, ow!" Lily cried. She felt a sharp pain in her hand. She looked at her mitten and saw that it was ruined. She had a big cut on her finger that was bleeding.
"Look what you did to my mitten!" She sobbed. "It was my favorite mitten!"
Mrs. Brown felt sorry for Lily. She realized that she had been too harsh. She apologized and gave her a band-aid for her finger. She also gave her a new pair of mittens that she had knitted.
"I'm sorry, dear. I did not mean to hurt you. I was just angry that someone took my scarf. It was a gift from my daughter. It is very special to me." She said.
"I'm sorry, too, Mrs. Brown. I did not take your scarf. It was Ben. He thought it was okay to take it. He did not know it was yours." Lily said.
Ben felt ashamed. He knew he had done something bad. He came over and said sorry to Mrs. Brown and Lily.
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Brown. I'm sorry, Lily. I was wrong to take your scarf. I should have asked first. I should have listened to Lily. She tried to tell me not to take it. I was selfish and rude." He said.
Mrs. Brown smiled and forgave Ben. She told him that it was good that he admitted his mistake and apologized. She told him that he should always respect other people's things and ask before borrowing them. She told him that he should always listen to his sister, who was wise and kind.
Lily and Ben hugged Mrs. Brown and thanked her for the new mittens. They learned a valuable lesson that day. They learned that taking something that is not yours is wrong and can hurt others. They learned that saying sorry and being honest is important and can make things better. They learned that being kind and respectful is the best way to make friends and have fun.