Lily was a little girl who liked to play with her dolls. She had a big dollhouse with many rooms and furniture. She also had a doll that was a prince. He wore a shiny crown and a blue coat. Lily loved her prince doll very much and always took him with her.
One day, Lily was playing with her prince doll in the garden. She pretended that he was going to marry her other doll, who was a princess. She made them sit on a bench and hold hands. She said, "You are the most important prince in the world. And you are the most important princess in the world. You are very happy together."
But then, a big dog came running into the garden. He saw the prince doll and thought it was a toy. He jumped on the bench and grabbed the prince doll in his mouth. He ran away with it, shaking it and biting it. Lily was very scared and sad. She shouted, "No, no, no! Give me back my prince! He is not a toy, he is my friend!"
She ran after the dog, but he was too fast. She saw him go behind a bush and heard a loud snap. She hoped that the snap was not her prince doll. She reached the bush and looked behind it. She saw the dog lying on the ground, with the prince doll next to him. The dog had snapped the prince doll's arm off. The arm was lying on the grass, with the shiny crown still on it.
Lily felt a big tear roll down her cheek. She picked up the prince doll and hugged him. She said, "I'm sorry, my prince. You are still the most important prince in the world. And I still love you very much. I will fix your arm and make you better."
She took the prince doll and his arm and ran back to the house. She asked her mom to help her glue the arm back on. Her mom said, "Don't worry, Lily. Accidents happen. Your prince doll will be fine. He is very lucky to have you as his friend."
Lily smiled and thanked her mom. She put the prince doll back in the dollhouse and gave him a kiss. She said, "You are the most important prince in the world. And I am the most important princess in the world. We are very happy together."