Lily and Ben were bored. They had played with all their toys and read all their books. They wanted to do something new and fun.
"Let's go to the garden and pick some flowers," Lily said. "We can put them in a vase and give them to Mommy."
"Okay," Ben agreed. "But we have to be careful. Mommy said the vase is very old and special."
They put on their shoes and ran outside. They saw many pretty flowers in different colors. They picked some of them and made a bunch. They were happy and proud of their work.
They went back inside and looked for the vase. They found it on a high shelf in the living room. It was enormous and shiny. It had pictures of birds and trees on it.
"How can we reach it?" Ben asked.
"I have an idea," Lily said. She dragged a chair from the kitchen and put it under the shelf. She climbed on the chair and stretched her arms. She could barely touch the vase.
"Be careful, Lily," Ben said. He held the chair to make it steady.
Lily tried to lift the vase, but it was too heavy. She lost her balance and fell off the chair. The vase fell with her and broke into many pieces. It made a loud noise.
Mommy heard the noise and came running. She saw the broken vase and the scared children. She sighed.
"Oh, Lily and Ben, what have you done?" she asked. "That vase was very old and special. It belonged to my grandma. She gave it to me before she died."
Lily and Ben felt very sorry. They started to cry.
"We're sorry, Mommy," they said. "We wanted to give you some flowers. We didn't mean to break the vase."
Mommy hugged them and wiped their tears.
"I know, sweeties, I know," she said. "You were trying to do something nice. But you should have asked me first. The vase was not a toy. It was very fragile and valuable."
She looked at the flowers on the floor. They were still pretty and fresh.
"Thank you for the flowers, though," she said. "They are very beautiful. Why don't we find another vase and put them in it? And then we can clean up this mess together."
Lily and Ben nodded. They smiled a little.
"Okay, Mommy," they said. "We love you."
"I love you too, my darlings," Mommy said. "Now let's go and find another vase."