Tim likes to whistle. He whistles when he plays, when he eats, and when he sleeps. He whistles loud and soft, high and low, fast and slow. He whistles songs and sounds and words.
One day, Tim whistles in his room. He whistles a song he learned at school. He whistles so loud that his mom hears him. She comes to his room and says, "Tim, please stop whistling. It is too loud. You need to be quiet."
Tim does not want to stop whistling. He likes to whistle. He thinks it is fun. He says, "No, mom. I want to whistle. Whistle, whistle, whistle." He whistles louder and louder.
Mom is not happy. She says, "Tim, if you do not stop whistling, you will go to time out. You need to listen to me. Whistling is not nice when it is too loud."
Tim does not listen to mom. He whistles even louder and louder. He whistles so loud that he makes his mom's ears hurt. He whistles so loud that he makes his toys fall off his bed. He whistles so loud that he makes his window shake.
Mom is very angry. She says, "Tim, that is enough. You are going to time out. You need to learn to be quiet." She takes Tim by his hand and walks him to the corner. She says, "You will stay here for five minutes. You will not whistle. You will not talk. You will not move. You will think about what you did."
Tim does not like time out. He does not like the corner. He does not like the floor. He does not like the wall. He does not like his mom. He feels sad and mad. He wants to whistle. He tries to whistle, but his mom hears him. She says, "Tim, no whistling. Be quiet." She makes his hand tight. He cannot whistle.
Tim stops whistling. He sits on the floor. He looks at the wall. He thinks about whistling. He thinks about his mom. He thinks about being loud and being quiet. He thinks about being nice and being mean. He thinks about saying sorry and saying thank you. He thinks about whistling again, but not too loud. He thinks about whistling with his mom, not at his mom. He thinks about whistling a song that his mom likes. He thinks about whistling a song that says, "I love you, mom."
Tim feels better. He feels sorry and thankful. He wants to hug his mom. He wants to tell her he loves her. He wants to whistle with her. He waits for the time out to end. He waits for his mom to come. He waits for his mom to smile. He waits for his mom to whistle.