Tommy loved his dog Spot very much. Spot was his best friend and they liked to play and run and cuddle. But one day, Spot got very sick. He did not want to eat or drink or play. He just lay on his bed and made sad noises. Tommy was very worried and sad too.
"Mommy, what is wrong with Spot?" Tommy asked his mommy. "He looks so helpless."
"Spot is very sick, Tommy. He needs to see a veterinarian. That is a person who helps sick animals. We have to take him to the veterinarian right now. Maybe they can make him better." Mommy said.
Tommy and mommy put Spot in the car and drove to the veterinarian. Tommy held Spot in his lap and tried to make him feel better. He stroked his fur and whispered to him. "Don't worry, Spot. The veterinarian will help you. You will be okay."
When they got to the veterinarian, they had to wait in a big room with other animals and people. Some of the animals were loud and scary. Tommy saw a big cat that hissed and scratched at a bird. He saw a snake that slithered and coiled around a cage. He saw a monkey that jumped and threw things at a rabbit. Tommy did not like these animals. He hugged Spot tighter and hoped they would not hurt him.
"Stop it! Stop it!" Tommy shouted at the animals. "You are mean and bad! Leave Spot alone! He is sick and needs help!"
The animals did not listen to Tommy. They kept making noises and fighting. Tommy felt scared and angry. He wished the veterinarian would come soon and take Spot away from this place.
"Tommy, calm down. It's okay. The animals are just nervous and bored. They don't mean to be mean and bad. They are sick and need help too. The veterinarian will help them too." Mommy said.
"Mommy, I don't like it here. I want to go home with Spot. I want Spot to be better. I don't want him to be sick and helpless." Tommy said.
"I know, Tommy. I know. I want that too. But we have to trust the veterinarian. They know what to do. They will do their best to make Spot better. We have to be brave and patient and hopeful." Mommy said.
Tommy nodded and tried to be brave and patient and hopeful. He waited for the veterinarian to come and help Spot. He hoped Spot would be okay. He loved Spot very much.