Tom and Lily liked to go to the park with their mom. They loved to see the birds, the flowers, the trees and the pond. They liked to play with the swings, the slide and the sandbox. They also liked to make new friends with other kids.
One day, they met a boy named Ben, who was playing with a ball. He was very good at kicking the ball high and far. Tom and Lily wanted to play with him, so they asked him nicely.
"Can we play with you?" they said.
Ben looked at them and said, "No, you can't. This is my ball and I don't want to share. Go away."
Tom and Lily felt sad and hurt. They did not like Ben's words. They walked away and found a bench to sit on. Their mom saw them and came to hug them.
"What's wrong, my loves?" she asked.
"Ben was mean to us. He did not want to share his ball. He told us to go away." Tom said.
"That's not nice. Sharing is important. Sharing makes us happy and kind. Sharing is a way of showing love." mom said.
"Can we show love to Ben, even if he was mean?" Lily asked.
"Yes, we can. We can be kind and friendly to him, even if he is not. Maybe he will learn from us and change his mind. Maybe he will want to be our friend." mom said.
Tom and Lily liked mom's words. They decided to try. They got up and went back to Ben. They saw him kicking his ball alone. They smiled and clapped their hands.
"Wow, Ben, you are very good at kicking the ball. You make it fly high and far. We like to watch you. Can we applaud for you?" they said.
Ben was surprised. He did not expect Tom and Lily to come back. He did not expect them to say nice things to him. He felt a little ashamed of his words. He also felt a little happy that they liked his skill. He smiled and said, "Thank you. You are very kind. Do you want to play with me? You can have a turn with my ball."
Tom and Lily were happy. They said yes and ran to join Ben. They took turns kicking the ball and cheering for each other. They had fun and became friends. Their mom watched them and smiled. She was proud of them. She knew they had learned a valuable lesson. She knew they had shown love to Ben and to nature. She knew they had made the world a better place. She applauded for them.