Lily and Ben were playing on the beach. They liked to make sand castles and dig holes. They also liked to wave at the boats and the birds. Sometimes they found shells and stones and put them in their buckets.
One day, they saw a big boat with a wide sail. It was white and blue and had a flag on it. Lily and Ben waved at the boat and hoped it would wave back. But the boat did not wave back. It came closer and closer to the shore.
"Look, Ben, the boat is coming to us!" Lily said.
"Maybe they have sugar for us!" Ben said. He liked sugar very much. He wanted to eat some sugar with his sand cake.
But when the boat reached the land, Lily and Ben saw that it was not a nice boat. It was a pirate boat! The pirates had swords and hooks and eye patches. They jumped off the boat and ran to the beach. They saw Lily and Ben and their buckets.
"Arrr, what have we here? Some little landlubbers with treasure!" one pirate said.
"Give us your buckets, or we'll make you walk the plank!" another pirate said.
Lily and Ben were scared. They did not want to give their buckets. They did not want to walk the plank. They did not want to see the pirates. They wanted to run away.
"Help, help!" they cried.
But no one heard them. The pirates grabbed their buckets and laughed. They dumped the shells and stones on the sand and looked for gold and jewels. But they did not find any. They only found sand and more sand.
"These buckets are full of sand! Where is the treasure?" one pirate said.
"Maybe they hid it somewhere else!" another pirate said.
"Let's find it! Come on, mates, let's search the beach!" the first pirate said.
The pirates left the buckets and ran to look for treasure. They did not see Lily and Ben, who were hiding behind a big rock. They waited until the pirates were far away. Then they ran to their buckets and picked them up. They ran to their mom and dad, who were sitting on a blanket. They told them what happened.
"Mom, dad, the pirates took our buckets and looked for treasure, but they only found sand!" Lily said.
"They were mean and scary and they did not wave back!" Ben said.
Mom and dad hugged them and said they were brave and smart. They said they were sorry that the pirates took their buckets, but they were glad that they were safe. They said they would buy them new buckets and more shells and stones. They said they would also buy them some sugar for their sand cake.
Lily and Ben smiled and said thank you. They were happy to have their mom and dad. They did not like the pirates. They hoped they would never see them again. They ate some sugar and made a new sand castle. They waved at the boats and the birds. And they hoped that someone would wave back.