Lily and Tom were playing with their toys in the living room. Lily had a big tank that could shoot balls and make noises. Tom had a small car that could go fast and beep. Lily liked her tank very much and did not want to share it with Tom. Tom liked the tank too and wanted to try it.
"Can I play with your tank, Lily?" Tom asked.
"No, it is mine. You have your car," Lily said.
"But your tank is so cool. Please, let me have a turn," Tom begged.
"No, go away. You are annoying," Lily said.
Tom felt sad and angry. He wanted to make Lily share. He had an idea. He took his car and drove it towards the tank. He bumped the tank hard and made it fall over. The balls flew out of the tank and rolled everywhere. The tank stopped making noises.
"Hey, what are you doing? You broke my tank!" Lily shouted.
"I wanted to play with it. You are mean," Tom said.
Lily was very mad. She grabbed her tank and threw it at Tom. The tank hit Tom on the head and made him cry. Tom dropped his car and held his head.
"Ow, that hurt. You are meaner," Tom said.
Lily and Tom started to yell at each other. They did not see their mom coming into the living room. She saw the mess and the tears and the toys.
"What is going on here? Why are you fighting?" Mom asked.
Lily and Tom stopped yelling and looked at Mom. They felt scared and sorry.
"We were playing with the tank and the car and we had a fight," Lily said.
"We both wanted the tank and we broke it and we threw it and we hurt each other," Tom said.
Mom sighed and shook her head. She picked up the tank and the car and put them on the table. She took a cloth and wiped the tears and the dirt from Lily and Tom's faces.
"You two need to learn how to share and be humble. The tank and the car are just toys. They are not worth hurting each other. You are brother and sister. You should love and help each other," Mom said.
Lily and Tom looked at each other. They felt ashamed and sorry.
"We are sorry, Mom. We are sorry, Lily. We are sorry, Tom," they said.
Mom smiled and hugged them. She gave them each a kiss and a cookie.
"That's better. Now, why don't you play something else together? Something nice and fun," Mom said.
Lily and Tom nodded and smiled. They took their cookies and went to their room. They decided to play with their blocks and make a castle. They shared and helped and had fun. They did not fight anymore. They were happy.