Lily was a little dog who loved to sing. She sang when she was happy, she sang when she was sad, she sang when she was bored. She sang to the birds, the flowers, the sun and the moon. She sang all day long.
One day, she found a big bone in the park. She was very happy and ran to it. She picked it up with her mouth and started to sing. She sang a song about the bone, how tasty it was, how lucky she was, how much she liked it.
But then, she heard a loud growl behind her. She turned around and saw a big dog, bigger than her, with sharp teeth and angry eyes. The big dog wanted the bone. He barked at Lily and said, "Give me the bone, or I will bite you!"
Lily was frightened. She did not want to give up the bone, but she did not want to be bitten either. She did not know what to do. She looked at the big dog and said, "Please, can we share the bone? I found it first, but you can have some too. I don't want to fight with you."
The big dog was surprised. He had never heard a dog sing before. He had never heard a dog ask to share before. He was used to taking what he wanted by force. He looked at Lily and said, "You sing? Why do you sing?"
Lily said, "I sing because I love to sing. Singing makes me happy. Singing makes everything better. Do you want to sing with me?"
The big dog was curious. He had never tried to sing before. He said, "How do you sing?"
Lily said, "It's easy. You just open your mouth and make a sound. Like this: woof, woof, woof!"
The big dog said, "Woof, woof, woof?"
Lily said, "Yes, that's it! Now, let's sing a song about the bone. Like this: woof, woof, woof, we have a bone, woof, woof, woof, we are not alone, woof, woof, woof, we can be friends, woof, woof, woof, until the end!"
The big dog said, "Woof, woof, woof, we have a bone, woof, woof, woof, we are not alone, woof, woof, woof, we can be friends, woof, woof, woof, until the end!"
Lily and the big dog sang together. They sang louder and louder, until everyone in the park heard them. They sang until they were tired and hungry. Then, they ate the bone together, and shared it equally. They became friends, and decided to sing every day. They were happy.