Lila wanted to soar like a bird. She loved to watch them fly high in the sky, with their wings spread wide. She wished she had wings too, so she could join them and see the world from above.
One day, she saw a big plane in the air. It looked like a metal bird, but much louder and faster. She wondered who was inside, and where they were going. She ran to her mom and asked, "Mom, can we go on a plane someday?"
Mom smiled and hugged her. "Maybe, Lila. But planes are not for everyone. Some people are afraid of heights, or get sick on planes. And some people have to wear uniforms and work on planes, like pilots and flight attendants. They have to take care of the passengers and the plane, and follow many rules."
Lila thought about that. She did not like rules, or getting sick, or being afraid. But she still wanted to soar. She asked, "Mom, can I be a pilot when I grow up?"
Mom kissed her forehead. "You can be anything you want, Lila. But you have to work hard, and learn a lot, and be brave. Being a pilot is not easy. Sometimes, planes have problems, or bad weather, or emergencies. Then, the pilot has to be calm and smart, and try to fix the situation. Otherwise, the plane and the people on it could be in danger, and feel helpless."
Lila felt a shiver in her spine. She did not like danger, or feeling helpless. She imagined being on a plane that was falling, or on fire, or lost. She felt scared, and hugged her mom tighter. She said, "Mom, I changed my mind. I don't want to be a pilot anymore. I just want to be with you."
Mom smiled and rocked her gently. "That's okay, Lila. You don't have to be a pilot, if you don't want to. You can still soar in your dreams, or in your imagination, or with your toys. You can still watch the birds, and the planes, and enjoy their beauty. And you can always be with me, my sweet girl. I love you, Lila."
Lila felt warm and safe in her mom's arms. She said, "I love you too, Mom. Thank you for being my mom."
They cuddled for a while, and watched the sky together. Lila still wanted to soar, but she was happy where she was. She knew that her mom was the best person to soar with.