Sara was a girl who liked to help others. She often visited her grandpa, who lived in a small house near the park. Grandpa had a cane that he used to walk, because his legs were not very strong. Sara admired grandpa, because he was always kind and wise.
One day, Sara and grandpa went to the park to feed the ducks. Sara brought some bread and grandpa brought his cane. They walked slowly and carefully, enjoying the sun and the flowers. When they reached the pond, they saw a boy who was crying. He had a bike, but one of the wheels was broken.
"What's wrong, little boy?" grandpa asked.
"I was riding my bike, and then it hit a rock and the wheel came off. Now I can't ride it anymore, and I don't have anyone to help me fix it," the boy said.
"That's too bad," grandpa said. "But don't worry, maybe we can help you. Sara, do you have any tools in your backpack?"
Sara nodded. She always carried a small toolbox with her, because she liked to fix things. She opened her backpack and took out a wrench and a screwdriver. She looked at the bike and saw that the wheel was only loose, not broken. She tightened the screws and put the wheel back on.
"There, it's fixed!" she said, smiling.
"Wow, thank you so much!" the boy said. "You are very smart and nice. What's your name?"
"I'm Sara, and this is my grandpa. He has a cane, but he is very kind and wise," Sara said.
"I'm Ben, and I'm very grateful. Can I be your friend?" Ben asked.
"Of course, we can be friends. Do you want to feed the ducks with us?" Sara asked.
"Yes, I would love that!" Ben said.
So Sara, grandpa, and Ben fed the ducks and had a lot of fun. They learned that they had many things in common, and they decided to meet again soon. Sara was happy that she had helped someone and made a new friend. She realized that being helpful and friendly was more important than having a perfect bike or a strong cane. She hugged grandpa and thanked him for teaching her that lesson.
The moral of the story is: Helping others and being friendly can make you happy and earn you new friends.