Lily wanted to wear her new coat with the big zipper. She liked how it made a sound when she pulled it up and down. She put on the coat and tried to zip it by herself. But the zipper was stuck. She pulled harder, but it did not move.
"Mommy, help me!" she cried. "The zipper is broken!"
Mommy came and looked at the coat. She saw that the zipper was not broken, but it was caught on some fabric. She gently freed the zipper and zipped it up for Lily.
"There you go, sweetie. The zipper is fine. You just have to be careful not to catch it on anything."
Lily smiled and hugged Mommy. Then she looked at the coat again. She wanted to zip it by herself. She reached for the zipper and pulled it down.
"Lily, what are you doing?" Mommy asked. "It's cold outside. You need to keep your coat zipped up."
Lily shook her head. She wanted to play with the zipper. She liked how it made a sound. She insisted on zipping it up and down.
"No, Mommy, I want to zip it!" she said.
Mommy sighed. She knew that Lily was curious and liked to learn new things. But she also knew that the zipper was weak and could break if Lily pulled it too much. She did not want Lily to ruin her new coat.
"Lily, listen to me. The zipper is not a toy. It is a part of your coat. If you zip it too much, it will get tired and stop working. Then you will not be able to wear your coat anymore. Do you want that?"
Lily thought for a moment. She did not want to lose her coat. She liked her coat. It was warm and soft and had a big zipper. She decided to listen to Mommy. She zipped up her coat and left it alone.
"Okay, Mommy, I will not zip it too much. I will be gentle with the zipper. Thank you for helping me."
Mommy smiled and kissed Lily. She was proud of Lily for being smart and polite. She took Lily's hand and they went outside to play. Lily enjoyed the snow and the sun and the sound of the zipper. But she did not zip it too much. She knew that the zipper was weak and needed to rest. She wanted to keep her coat for a long time.