Lily and Tom were friends who liked to play with toys. One day, Lily brought a new toy to school. It was a big dinosaur that could roar and move. Tom was envious of Lily's toy. He wanted to play with it too.
"Can I play with your dinosaur?" Tom asked Lily.
"OK, but you have to be careful. It is my favorite toy," Lily said. She lent Tom her dinosaur for a while.
Tom was happy. He made the dinosaur roar and chase the other toys. He pretended he was in history, when dinosaurs lived. He had so much fun that he forgot to give the dinosaur back to Lily.
Lily was sad. She missed her dinosaur. She waited for Tom to return it, but he did not. She went to Tom and said, "Tom, can I have my dinosaur back? I want to play with it too."
Tom did not want to give the dinosaur back. He liked it too much. He said, "No, it is mine now. You gave it to me."
Lily was angry. She said, "No, I did not. I lent it to you. That means you have to give it back. It is not fair."
Tom and Lily started to argue. They raised their voices and pulled the dinosaur. The dinosaur broke in half. They both cried.
The teacher heard the noise and came to see what was wrong. She saw the broken dinosaur and the two crying children. She asked them what happened. They told her their story.
The teacher was disappointed. She said, "Tom, you should not be envious of Lily's toy. You should be happy for her. And you should not keep something that is not yours. You should respect Lily's feelings. Lily, you should not lend your toy if you are not ready to share it. You should be careful with your things. And you should not fight over a toy. You should be kind to each other."
Tom and Lily felt sorry. They said, "We are sorry, teacher. We are sorry, Lily. We are sorry, Tom."
The teacher said, "It is OK. I am glad you are sorry. But you have to learn from this. You have to be good friends and share and care. And you have to fix the dinosaur. Maybe you can glue it together and make it roar again."
Tom and Lily nodded. They hugged each other and said, "We are friends. We will fix the dinosaur. We will play together."
The teacher smiled. She said, "That is good. I am proud of you. Now, let's go to the library and read a book about history and dinosaurs. Maybe you will find some more toys to play with."