Lily and Max are friends who like to play pretend. They have a big box of toys and costumes in their room. Today, they want to pretend they are chefs in a restaurant.
They put on aprons and hats and take out some pots and pans. They also find some rice in the kitchen and ask their mom if they can use it. Their mom says yes, but they have to be careful and not make a mess.
Lily and Max start to cook the rice in their pretend stove. They add some water and salt and stir with spoons. They pretend they have customers who order different dishes with rice. They use their toys and imagination to make the dishes.
"Here is your rice with chicken and broccoli, sir," Lily says, giving a plate to her teddy bear. "Enjoy your meal!"
"Thank you, chef Lily. This looks delicious," the teddy bear says.
Max sees Lily's dish and thinks he can do better. He is competitive and wants to impress his customers. He decides to make a rice with cheese and ham for his doll.
"Here is your rice with cheese and ham, madam," Max says, giving a plate to his doll. "This is the best dish in the town!"
"Thank you, chef Max. This smells wonderful," the doll says.
Lily and Max look at each other's dishes and start to argue. They think their own dish is better and more tasty. They try to convince their customers to switch plates.
"Hey, teddy bear, do you want to try my rice with cheese and ham? It is much more yummy than Lily's rice with chicken and broccoli," Max says.
"No, thank you, chef Max. I like Lily's dish. It has more vegetables and protein," the teddy bear says.
"Hey, doll, do you want to try my rice with chicken and broccoli? It is much more healthy and colorful than Max's rice with cheese and ham," Lily says.
"No, thank you, chef Lily. I like Max's dish. It has more cheese and flavor," the doll says.
Lily and Max get angry and start to throw rice at each other. They make a big mess in their room. Their mom hears the noise and comes to see what is going on.
"What are you doing, Lily and Max? Why are you wasting the rice and making a mess?" their mom asks.
Lily and Max stop throwing rice and look at their mom. They feel sorry and ashamed.
"We are sorry, mom. We were playing pretend and we got competitive. We wanted to make the best dishes with rice, but we forgot to have fun and share," Lily says.
"We are sorry, mom. We were playing pretend and we got competitive. We wanted to impress our customers, but we forgot to be nice and respectful," Max says.
Their mom smiles and hugs them.
"It's okay, Lily and Max. I'm glad you like to play pretend and be creative. But you also have to remember to be kind and cooperative. You can make different dishes with rice, but you can also try each other's dishes and learn from each other. And you have to clean up after yourselves," their mom says.
Lily and Max nod and agree.
"Okay, mom. We will clean up the mess and we will try each other's dishes. And we will say sorry to our customers," Lily says.
"Okay, mom. We will clean up the mess and we will try each other's dishes. And we will say thank you to our customers," Max says.
Lily and Max start to clean up the rice and the toys. They also apologize and thank their teddy bear and their doll. They taste each other's dishes and find out they are both good. They smile and hug each other.
"Your rice with cheese and ham is good, Max. I like the cheese and the ham," Lily says.
"Your rice with chicken and broccoli is good, Lily. I like the chicken and the broccoli," Max says.
They finish their pretend meal and put away their aprons and hats. They decide to play something else. They are still friends who like to play pretend. But they are also friends who like to share and learn.